"Visible donations are good. Not only for the free PR (yeah, that's a given) but also to trigger other people to donate. Everybody has fans, even Ubisoft, and this may make other people give money. "
"&gt; The people on top are the one's that will determine worth and that is never a good thing.

This is a community, not a government. The people in charge of making the decisions for that community are going to hold the opinions of contributors higher than non-contributors. This is how it works pretty much everywhere.

I don't see how these are separate fields."
"It's currently done with a bunch of polygon strips with alpha textures.

Here's some nontextured Last-of-us models to give you an idea of the underlying geometry:
http://www.zbrushcentral.com/showthread.php?1027594&amp;p=1027594&amp;viewfull=1#post1027594 

I think the demo shown is suggesting it's down to polygons per hair strand."
"[A ""indie"" humble bundle sponsored by the very same website that used to charge indies for reviews...](http://www.reddit.com/r/IndieGaming/comments/1rlger/paid_reviewsindie_game_magazine_igm_charging/)"
I've beaten all of the souls games except for Demons Soul's and the Tower of Latria is what's stopping me. I've never been so scared and intimidated by a level in a game. 
"&gt;what games are people buying the system for?

Uh, all of them? It doesn't have to be an exclusive like Bloodborne to help sell the PS4. I've played everything from Battlefield 4 to Diablo 3 to Assassin's Creed on my PS4."
Anyone who hasnt had a group of good male friends comfortable enough to come off as slightly homosexual despite being completely straight is both missing out and wont grasp what the devs are going for
"For thousands of people it could be difference between life and death, or the difference between how big your e-penis is. The difference is the continent."
"&gt;Did they have to revamp the story of Mass Effect based on what gender the players chose to play as? No, because Shepherd is written as an individial -- not as a gender.

But, Mass Effect's writing was mediocre at best, and I think that comes in large part from the modular nature of that writing, where every line of dialogue has to make sense in a variety of contexts. It feels either very broad-strokes, or overly specific to player choice, and rarely strikes a good balance between the two. You can see the seams where the writing is stitched together, like when you're watching an old animated film and you can tell which rock is going to fall when the character steps on it because it's drawn differently than the static background. FFXV has one story, written one way, and it's about 4 guys. Anyone who thinks there should be a gender option or that it would work just as well if the gender of any of the characters was just swapped on the drawing board should probably stop pretending to care about ""writing and story"" in games and admit they just want to play self-insert fanfiction."
"Just for the record, I'd totally kill if we could copy what /r/books does and get one of those headers that shows what games people are playing. Shit looks so nice yo."
"That's why games have system requirements. If your computer is above the requirements, it absolutely 100% should work. If not the customer deserves a full refund. End of story."
"It would have been a money video if TB moderated that discussion when it to the came to the part ""they are just an angry internet mob, they are a tiny fraction of the community, they dont contribute to modding, they dont even own skyrim, they are 12 yr olds yelling for free shit"". They got away from addressing issues, voicing their concerns about the system and what they liked and dident like about it and how they would have gone about to strawman for 45 minutes in the middle of the podcast.

If the angry mobs complaints are not valid than show that they are not valid, telling them that their opinions dont matter really takes a ton away from the discussion."
"Pro-tip: No company in the planet officially donates anything without it trying to gain PR or some other benefit like tax credits from the act of charity, even if they are sincerely trying to help. "
"Plus, mods conflict.  

The way the The Elder Scrolls games handle mods, and the way the Workshop installs mods, pretty much guarantee that something isn't going to work right.  
There are a bunch of tools that modding enthusiasts use to make sure that the mods they're using work properly together, and a reason that said enthusiasts spend hours using these tools.  
The Workshop pretty much just throws everything in the data directory and hopes for the best.  

Even the most well constructed and QA-ed mod in the world isn't immune to conflicts."
"Can't we just fucking let this shit go?

Can't we just let the game creators make the games they want to goddam make about what they want them to be about without having to weave it into this whole pile of bullshit that is the ""Gender Inequality"" argument in gaming? People are ripping on this game and the guys making it for wanting to make a story focused on something as beautiful and greatly desired as true friendship. 

People are making male friendship about sexism."
"That computer appears to be the one shown in this video:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fzs990B8mWI

It's running on 4x GTX Titan X

Cost on their website as configured is somewhere in the $11k range.

"
"&gt;It wasn't a Banjo Kazooie game. I actually really loved the car-building mechanic. If they had made Tiptup the main character all this crap would have been more or less avoided.

I always thought they should have used the Avatars.  The Avatars were just coming out at that time, and Rare were the ones who created them.  Having the Avatars would have showed how they could have been used in games, and distanced the game from being seen as Banjo-Kazooie 3, while still testing the waters for the franchises popularity. "
"Well the the game has a subtitle that says, ""Inspired by Sabin's Power Rangers"" so I would say it's fine to compare them."
"Two years ago Grant Kirkhope went on [Game Grumps](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t70l-9n1rCQ&amp;t=57m50s) and talked about his time at rare, there are a bunch of stories about the source of various game assets and music samples. I linked specifically to a part of the video where he is talking about Nuts and Bolts and mentions how badly he wanted to join up with old rare devs and make a real banjo 3. 

I'm glad he is finally realizing that dream. Yooka and Laylee looks incredibly charming, a real new fresh cartoon character is something gaming has really needed for quite some time."
"I think it's more than just a publicity move, as some of the developers were in the area during FarCry 4's development.
So there should be at least some personal involvement in the area."
"Here is a whole presentation on what they're trying to accomplish.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ulJeGQ0Krk

They've got their priorities straight."
"&gt;The only reason the top mods have the millions of downloads is because **they're free**. If it **costs me nothing** to improve the quality of the game of course I'm going to do it.

It's actually worse than that.  

I'm sure many of us have had the same experience of modding a Bethesda game:  a few minutes looking for nice mods, then an hour trying to install them properly, then comes several hours troubleshooting the load order and incompatibilities, and finally the rest of the game occasionally encountering a game-breaking glitch or crash and going back to troubleshooting.

The cost of using mods in Bethesda games, as measured in **time** and **stress**, is already significant enough for me to think twice about finally starting Skyrim or FO:NV.  If we add **money** to that as well, the appeal largely drops off.  Who wants to pay for the privilege of doing essentially low-level software compatibility troubleshooting for several hours?"
"Shit yeah.. 

Had many frustrating hours with BOSS and my fallout mods.. It is also very easy to break If you go messing with it.. "
"This countdown timer is linked from the [black mesa source official website.] (http://www.blackmesasource.com)


It's counting down to the 05/05/15 8:47:00 GMT-6 I think it's safe to assume this is a countdown to release.

---------
Edit: Forgot to say this is an x-post from /r/halflife

http://www.reddit.com/r/HalfLife/comments/34gz66/bmrfus_has_a_countdown_timer/"
As someone who adored the first game I find nothing in these trailers to dissuade my fears of it being online only. The combat still looks good but so much will depend on their infrastructure. So many MMO's feel floaty because of how they have to adjust combat to having lots of people online and as combat is Dragon Dogmas strongest point I really hope switching to online means they get the floaty feel.
"I never understood why he got so much praise for this game. He's primarily a producer, and a lot of the ideas he had for the game were either impossible to implement or boring as hell. Harvey Smith should get a lot more credit than he does for Deus Ex."
"&gt;  The Banjo games have also never been particularly ""long,""

Banjo Kazooie was actually longer that Mario 64"
then again..4 titan xs in realtime! Not that long ago this would take weeks to render on a computer farm
"Here's an idea, bankrupt them with a shit ton of 100k donations!

Or.. y'know.. don't complain about a company doing something good."
"It's not a traditional MMO as far as I know. It's got an 8 player cap per instance. So more like Monster Hunter. 

The real cause for concern is that it's not going to be available in the west. "
"Or multiple Breast Cancer foundations refusing money donated by PornHub and other porn sites, simply because of the stigma that follows the industry. I mean seriously, I've never met a group of people who love breasts more than people who watch a lot of porn, and you can bet your ass they damn well want to save them, but oh noo, it's from a porn website, we can't have that, no no no, what kind of charity excepts money from just *anybody*?"
"It's pretty shitty that GOG tries to do things without going full-lawyer and people take full advantage of their flexibility. You knew exactly what they were asking of you and you chose to ignore it because you could.

This is why devs have to rely on drm and other shittiness- you give an inch and some people will take a mile."
"The black Mesa team have been doing a huge ARG for ages, could this finally be the fruition of it? Hopefully, it's the announcement of the full game released on Steam. "
"I beg you please reconsider respecting GOG's wishes and taking down this post. Yes, this is exciting news, but we should respect developers wishes when they ask for things nicely."
"Man is /r/games cynical or what. Is it really only a ""PR move"" when it comes to companies that gamers hate?

Either way that is still a 6 figure donation. That is huge. Good for Ubisoft.

Edit: And of course, good for Nepal."
"Its been announced that it will be released on steam complete with Xen, it may or may not have multiplayer at release as well.

Edit: no Xen at launch, multiplayer is in however."
"Because your experience right now may not be representative of the experience most people are going to have when the product is out. Many things can change between now and then: features can be added or removed, interface tweaked, etc. "
Looking past the hype and the long dev time. I'm just so glad Valve gave them the go-ahead to sell their mod as a standalone product. You can clearly see the love and dedication that went into the project. If there is anyone more deserving of my money are the Black Mesa team and their vision of Half-Life.
"Looks pretty cool. My immediate thought was the art style looks a lot like Knights of Pen &amp; Paper, and was not surprised to see it's from the same developer. I'm a bit hesitant though because while KoP&amp;P was very charming, the game mechanics were on the shallow, repetitive side. Will this be making the jump to Android down the line?"
"Curation is key to the monetisation of mods.


Edit:
How to do curation without the associated downsides: 

http://www.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/comments/34kbg5/how_we_can_monetize_mods_and_clean_up_the_steam/"
"&gt; It's counting down to the 05/05/15 10:47:00

Actually it seems to be counting down to 10:47:00 regardless of time zone. It uses your computer's local clock."
"&gt; I can understand being angry that a company



&gt; is giving money towards a good cause

I can't

There is literally no side to this that justifies anger

It's not like people are going to go, ""Oh, they released a broken game? It's okay because they donated $100k to the Nepal earthquake fund."" It's okay to recognize a company you dislike doing something genuinely good."
"Oh wow, that long huh?

At some point as a dev I would probably be inclined to drop more breadcrumbs before it gets written off as a lost cause, like the Mt. Chiliad conspiracy."
"It's really easy to sit on Reddit and bitch rather than doing something, so its not surprising that so many people choose to indulge.

It's an unhealthy level of cynicism that does nobody any good at all."
"A big reason why I think that part of the discussion falls flat on its face is, the issue isn't even really about Skyrim. It could be any other game and I think the community response would have been the same. I think my friend, who has never owned/played/seen Skyrim, has just as much say in the discussion as someone who is a mod creator. Its about, do we want paid mods to be a thing, and is it feasible or fair. Everyone should have equal say in that discussion."
"That's the Super Metroid engine but definitely not Super Metroid. So the question is: Is that one ROMhack for both game and SA-X or two? If two, what's the name of the game mod?"
"Woah, I can't believe it's been that long!!! Seems like it was just yesterday. I've been holding out on playing it until Xen came out. Can't wait!"
"BMRF is in [New Mexico](http://half-life.wikia.com/wiki/Black_Mesa_Research_Facility). Mountain Time Zone?  
  
Source code just says `date: ""5 may 2015 10:47:00""`"
"It's an extensive overhaul of Super Metroid itself.   The mod itself is called X-fusion,  at first it was a little project of porting metroid fusion bosses into Super Metroid and making a little boss rush mode. But now he's got bigger plans and making a re-imagined version of Metroid Fusion using the Super Metroid engine.

You can also hear he also did quite an extensive overhaul of the sound engine to give it metroid fusion sound effects as well

http://forum.metroidconstruction.com/index.php/topic,3054.60.html Is where you can find more information

But yeah, it's probably the most advanced super metroid hack possibly ever created."
"Forgive my ignorance, since I never played half life, but what exactly is this? I just looked it up on wikipedia and I'm not sure what the difference is. It's a reskin? A graphical update mod? Why should people buy this?"
It's a complete remake of half-life 1. They basically built half life 1 from scratch in the source engine.
Half life one rebuilt in a modern version of the source engine with a lot of the game play mechanics which make the original feel dated re imagined.
"Its a reimaging of Half Life 1. So the base concept, story, themes, mechanics, and rough level concepts are the same. But the actual game is different. Its a spiritual remake. It feels familar but different. 

Plus its bringing Half Life 1 in a modern engine and looks pretty gorgeous so that's a plus. 

People WILL buy it because it's a fan-made, huge undertaking that's been desgined very very well. It keeps the spirit alive of Half Life 1 whilst fixing minor issues, updating it to modern standards and allowing veterans to play for their 100th time a little bit differently and prettier. "
"""Oh here are the rights to Dead Island, have fun with that.  We're just going to be over here raising everybody's expectations for a zombie game."""
"Honestly, those people barely understand PR. Does this make Ubi look good? Sure. Does this translate into more sales? Who knows. What it does do, unfailingly, for everyone who is even made aware of what they are doing is make them aware of what has happened in Nepal and what people are doing to help. Everyone knows where and how to buy a Ubisoft game. I would venture to guess that less people know how they can help the Nepali people. "
"&gt;they could also have given 100,000 bucks anonymously

Not sure how you think that works, but if $100,000 disappeared from a publicly traded company for no apparent reason, that would send up some red flags. Ubisoft isn't just some rich individual with full, unbridled control over its finances. "
"I really love what Valve are doing with Dota 2, the compendium, and the International!

I wonder when they'll give CS:GO, one of my favorite games, the same treatment. All we've had to directly support eSports is certain gun skins whose creators are the leagues, and the eSports series cases which fuel the $250K major tournaments. I think that with the growth of CS:GO, a compendium and an international-style tournament isn't too much of a stretch to hope for."
"That's just Geralt though.


And Witcher's in general. Something is done in the mutations that remove their emotions- so they don't panic or flee from danger. Geralt is a partial exception in that he still has *some* emotions, but not others."
"Yeah, it's been forever. I haven't played Black Mesa at all, cause I've been waiting for Xen. Hopefully the wait is worth it!"
"[According to this page, yes.](http://dota2.gamepedia.com/The_International_Compendium_2014#Stretch_Goals)"
"That's actually a really great idea. Gabe said at one point that part of the reason for no Half-Life 3 is that the developers at Valve just don't want to make it right now. Well, here's a great chance to hire a skilled team that DOES want to make Half-Life."
"If you have never played HL1, go ahead and play this one. I think playing the original HL1 for the first time in 2015 wouldn't be that great an experience since everything looks extremely dated."
"By completing compendium achievements such as predicting invite teams, winning games with other compendium owners, tournament predictions, etc."
"First year I'm going to opt out.

I would be more inclined to buy in if they offered these great ideas outside of a huge paywall. 

The sheer amount of money from last year could afford all of these rewards,  and yet we will still have to wait for months after the tournament for all the rewards to be given.

*edit* I also noticed the $45 million dollar comic strip.  I wonder what renaissance artist they will resurrect to create it. "
"Seconded. I'm 20 and played up to Xen on HL1 then switched and replayed up to Xen on Black Mesa.

When I first got to Xen I was a little disappointed because I did grow up in a later era and it was a bit of a let-down. I'd have played it any way (as I love HL1's first acts) but decided to wait because Black Mesa was so well done."
"This interview should be much shorter. 'Hi, what's WH40k Regicide?' 'It's Battlechess with orks and space marines.' 'Well thank you very much, Cindy. Join us next time on Pocket.'"
"Personally, I think the stretch goals are kind of underwhelming this year. At 5 million dollars, we get chat emotes!?

Also kind of disappointing, but not surprising that they are making taunts one of the stretch goals, especially considering there have been multiple unused taunt animations for various heroes for almost two years now."
I came to shit all over this comment about how Black Mesa had been in development since 2005 and that Half Life 2 Episode 2 was released in 2007 then I realized theres only a two year difference and youre fucking right. 
I just wish the video wasn't pixelated 720p youtube quality so you could actually see the result of the 63 million polygons. It looks like a bad cam rip you sometimes by mistake download.
"Capcom has proven they have no idea what they're doing when it comes to online games and the West, so if you're an English speaker and don't feel like using a VPN there's no point in even torturing yourself."
"For everyone complaining that the goals are ~~overwhelming~~ underwhelming, the stretch goals last year took the whole damn year to finish. Took many months after TI4 to get some of the goals. Got the final goal just a few months ago. It's pretty much almost the same kind of goals last year actually, only all of them are realistic and probably will be delivered timely. I don't know what else there could be to offer from the rewards, the desert terrain and immortal items are pretty much all I ever want from the compendium."
"I'd just like to comment on how fucking good their partial release was back in 2012. It wasn't just the best mod of the year, it was honestly one of the best games of the year. It had a level of polish exceeding many of the AAA games from that year.

However long this has taken them, I'm certain the final product will be astounding. This is AAA level work from people who never thought they'd even be paid for this."
"Good.

I hope this trend continues - high quality PC ports need to be a standard and if anything GTA V should prove that the PC community will definitely pay full AAA price for a PC port that is up to our community's standards.

I had no doubt this port would be amazing given how great of a PC port Max Payne 3 was. 

I really hope this continues to be a trend instead of just a random occurence."
I don't even play Dota anymore but the webpages Valve puts up for updates and stuff like this are so irresistibly pretty. Also that desert terrain is hot.
"Considering that's only 4 days away, it's definitely *not* a countdown to a release of any kind of product.

Best case it's a trailer. I'd settle for an announcement. Worst case it's a joke or hoax."
"Such a great port, completely unplayable for me due to memory leaks, quite a few other people have this problem too. The second most recent patch completely ruined the game."
"He really isn't though. Valve literally got paid for TI last year.  Prize pools have been massively increased through compendiums and the like. No other esport comes close to how profitable valve has been,  nor anything as close for community participation. "
"Compared to last year, this year's rewards are pretty good. The difference is nothing is ""new"" ie. theres no music pack last year until it was announced to be a compendium reward"
"I think it's more of a ""we don't have any good ideas, so we're not going to force it"". Pixar has the same philosophy, and good for them; the last thing I want is *Half-Life: Ghost Ops 4*."
Why would they? There is no chance it can live up to the hype now. Plus Episode 3 still hasn't come out.
"So I thought I would check out the source code of the Black Mesa countdown site. Then I looked in chromes developer console, and I was not disappointed!! [Results](http://imgur.com/ja9IRDN) haha
"
You probably mean this one. The one that's already out is missing the final part of the game and isn't on Steam. Hopefully this means it's complete and coming to Steam.
"That guy is sooo stereotypically American...

""The Free Market""

""Terrorists""

""Vote with your wallet""

""They don't understand business""

Half the shit that came out of his mouth was so stupid."
"Remember the Payday 2 event ""What's Next""? A fucking 35 day countdown to a 2 minute ""trailer"" (it never actually showed anything) for a game that releases in 2 years."
"A single 970 ($300-$350) is faster than a Titan (about 10% or so), although the 970 obviously has the slight memory issue."
"But that's a terrible way of measuring it.

E: if some crazy billionaire hosted a minecraft pvp tournament with a price pool of a billion dollars, would that make minecraft the biggest esport title?"
"It's partially that, partially just that they don't really have any incentive to make new games at this point. They've got so much money flowing in from their existing products that making new ones is pretty much pointless."
For anyone who has been having performance issues [this is a handy thread with plenty of tweaks that should help.](http://www.reddit.com/r/GrandTheftAutoV_PC/comments/349gzy/nonstandard_fixed_and_tweaks_for_performance/)
"&gt; Do note that these numbers do not include copies that were sold outside of Steam

Also important to mention and as far as I know Steamspy can't read hidden/private steam profiles, so the numbers should be even higher on steam. I guess Rockstar Games sold about 4-5 million copies yet, which is REALLY impressive for a PC release in this short time."
"http://www.reddit.com/r/GrandTheftAutoV_PC/comments/349gzy/nonstandard_fixed_and_tweaks_for_performance/

Check this thread.  It helped immensely for me."
Oh I know. The game runs better than I thought it did. I was expecting GTA4 fps. I only got 30-40 on my current pc. GTA5 runs around 50-80. For the most part they have done a fine job. Hopefully R* will keep updating and eventually fix the problems some people are having with performance. 
"Don't worry, we all know what Moba is still the most popular in terms of player counts.

Awesomenauts, obviously. In terms of dimensions, its the flattest moba. You just can't compete with that.



"
"Is this only Steam stats? I hear the physical version is selling out due to the 60gb DL, which doesn't use Steam. All the cheap versions people could access via proxy also didn't use Steam."
It's just Half-Life 1 remade essentially. Pretty significant considering how long the mods been in development.
"Also, there's now four tournaments a year. This is the big one, but with independent non-TIs getting Compendiums, that might mean 4 valve-made Compendiums a year. They'll want this content out in 3 months."
"Yep. And Valve admitted that they don't want to do curation when they unveiled Greenlight. And then they admitted that users aren't to great at curation either.

Maybe if there was a reward for voting? Like it increases my odds of getting trading cards."
"I think you're severely overestimating the amount of private steam accounts and the number of pc users who buy AAA stuff off of steam.

There's no way it'd double the figure, I'd be downright shocked if it accounted for more than a few hundred thousand sales."
"Honestly I got frustrated and stopped playing. Don't get me wrong, I love that they are doing this and I will definitely buy and play the newer version. But I found it really really much harder than the original, to the point where it felt cheesy. Those soldiers have perfect aim and instant reaction times, meaning you can't peek out from cover without getting bullets in the face guaranteed. It just took me out of the game a bit. Minor quibble though, it's a great undertaking and I really admire the developers."
"There is going to be two separate versions, the free version, and the paid version.  The paid version contains more content then the free version, but I don't remember exactly what."
Gta v was available cheaper than steam almost everywhere. Why do you think people pay 15$+ just for steam DRM?
"Presumably the company is full of people who love making video games, many of them hired by showing innovation that valve wanted.  
Also, as big as Steam is it is not immune to competition, EA and Blizzard have their own exclusive platforms, Ubisoft is one step from going that route and there are some competition to be universal platform as well from GoG and the like. I have no doubt Steam sells 70% of PC games now, but that might not last forever. Big popular titles exclusive to Steam keeps up their position."
What makes you think Valve has abandoned the series? They've all but said outright that they're working on it. 
"I disagree, I would imagine a lot of people didn't buy this off Steam.  It isn't a Steamworks game so not much reason to.  The retail copy of the game doesn't use Steam, and any other online digital distributor doesn't use Steam either.  Steam does not have good value for new AAA games, you can almost always find new releases cheaper off other websites or even the retail disk copy - Amazon have the disk copy of the game a good bit cheaper than Steam, think it was €10 cheaper last time I checked.  Not to mention this game is HUGE, and a lot of people don't have the patience to download 60 GB, or else live somewhere with crap broadband or data-caps... I'd say there was a lot of retail sales.

So it comes down to making like a €10 savings by buying it elsewhere, or paying €10 just to have it on Steam, even though you can't join your Steam friends games on GTA Online...

I'd love it if we could get the numbers from Rockstar Social Club - it might not be double, but I'd say at least another million+"
"In the case of a viewer knowing nothing about esports you'd probably explain it to them using the closest analogy: real sports.

In real sports nobody gives a crap about prizemoney, how 'big' something is is counted by how popular it is. If they asked me what football tournament to watch I'd say the World Cup, not because of the prize money or even the skill of the players, but because of how popular it is. If they asked about american football I'd say the superbowl for the same reason."
"I felt the same way. The game looks fantastic and honestly plays well against the aliens, but the marines make it an exercise in frustration. What made half life feel great to play was fast paced action and fluid movement, and Black Mesa misses the mark there during those fights, pretty much turning into a cover shooter with little cover. Ill probably just end up playing it on easy or something, or hope I can tune the difficulty mid-game."
"I absolutely agree. I am sure that Half-Life 3 has been conceptualized. Although there is a possibility that it hasn't even been written yet. The game *is* written Mark Laidlaw, who is a professional science fiction writer. We all know writers can take their sweet time releasing content. I don't really know anything about the guy, but that just comes to mind when I hear people complain about HL3."
"Who knows, maybe they'll tweak it in the new version. We definitely aren't the only people who voiced frustration with that aspect of the game."
"I'd rather wait longer for a well optimised port with extra features than get it early and have a game that barely runs.

Anyway, that's your prerogative, but I don't think you're going to achieve much other than denying yourself a fantastic game. Kinda seems like you're cutting your nose off to spite your face."
In a perfect world I'd give it a go. But even on 20/2 I can't be bothered to download 45gb for a 2 day free trial
You can join your friends on gtao through steam. I've done it. As long as your game is loaded and they are already in.
"Plus, the soundtrack was better than the original one! They really have done a great job at making the games atmosphere dense."
"I'm not into GTA, but really glad it's doing so well. I'm really hoping with how much money it's making that publishers and devs will work to make better PC ports in the future."
"This feels like they're really trying to oversaturate their model. I understand wanting to sell Star Wars figures, but why couldn't they be added to the 2.0 system?"
"Black Mesa was already released in 2012, so I don't consider it far fetched that they would now re release it as a standalone game complete with the final level (xen)"
VR games need to be designed from the ground up to be sure every scene doesn't make you sick. Gabe has said on AMAs that they'd wait for an established user base before making a huge ass game for it.
"Really enjoy this guys videos. I like how it's not based around some arbitrary point system, but rather just if the game is fun and worth the money. "
"What really makes Steam cool is the APIs they provide - Steamworks allows small devs to add features to games without them requiring to build big infrastructure to support - matchmaking, cloud saves, achievements, a way to push out updates and allow alternate update streams (eg. early release beta for those who want to test features), community forums, community workshop, etc.

Multi-OS support is nice too."
"Because he pushes all the graphics sliders to the right and then goes ""hur dur, unoptimised because of consoles""?

The defaults run just fine on most games. Push it too far, and performance *will* be shit.

"
"I imagine this is one of the plus sides of only using steam wallet funds in transactions. If these were actual bank transactions, it would ridiculous to try and solve"
"I think the thought processes is probably something like ""We're fucking Disney. If Skylanders can do it we sure can!"""
"+1 on the soundtrack, very very good. Probably my second favourite one recently after Deus Ex: Human Revolution"
"If there was a way to remove funds from your steam wallet then things would've gotten extremely messy.  
Still I can't imagine how many accounts will be shut down and how much of a pain this will be for Valve to track all orders and try and restore items."
"I know a lot of people talk about Paper Mario TTYD, but I didn't care for it very much compared to the original. The first one is just so cute and charming!"
"I'm not very deep into the game (still in season 1) but it's cute. The battles are easy so far, but I had to redo one to get ""perfect"" because the condition was beat up the little guys first and I accidentally hit the boss with a multi-target ability.
  
Basically you have 5 dudes who all have different skills, you assign actors to play those people and that gives other bonuses, although it is not super well explained at the start. If I had not played KoPaP ""crafting bonus"" would have been lost on me. Battles are simple - grid based, pick your turn order then the entirety of the enemy moves (edit: like Disgaea). Enemy actors drop crafting materials (like scraps that fall off them when shooting, I guess?), you use those to craft better gear and weapons.


One major gripe is I restarted that battle and had to watch all the leading cutscenes again with only the option to speed up the text a little bit, not skip them. Probably completely unnecessary to get those extra viewers, but what the hell. Esc-ing out would be nice."
"This is the type of mod support all those people (Notch, Garry, TB) missed the point about when they were trying to say monetizing mods is a good idea.  

We don't need $5 swords, those people are like me.. No coding experience but likes to play in Blender and knows how to watch youtube tutorials. 


The people who take a game and make a new game out of it are the ones who should be seen by Developers and HIRED *because* of their mod. 


Essentially, Mods are like a piece of art in your portfolio. They represent your ability for something you might want to do in the future. "
"I would be surprised if they didnt have a way to just rollback the market, any transactions made without items being consumed used (i.e keys) they could write off or replace. Still a huge pain though."
Valve will do the same thing when the gem exploit happened at the christmas sale. They will probably roll back everything to the point when this exploit was abused the first time.
"So any other long term effects? And is there anything they won't reset?

And darn. That's 0.00769230769231% or rounded 0.008% of the normal price they were paying. Some of those things on the work shop might as well have been free."
theoretically but you'd need to win like evey game nonstop from  now till the end of the compendium period and even then idk if youd get above level 150
"Played a lot, combat is ""easy"" cause you don't fight to destroy the enemy: you fight for the audience! 

That's the point some reviewers don't get and find it as a tactical game boring

You also have to manage the studio behind the scenes. A system not so deep like a paradox one ofc but very interesting"
"Slow month, but this emulator is still just absolutely great in almost all departments, especially concerning attention to detail:

&gt;**4.0-6039 - Add Wiimote Battery Controls**
Yes, now those of you using emulated Wiimotes can live out your dream of setting the battery to any value that the Wiimote can send to the console. From full (255) to empty (0) and the game will react accordingly. Like those low battery warnings popping up on save screens? Or how about fullscreen messages telling you your Wiimote batteries are low? Now you can have them whenever you want!

I don't even know what to say to that... "
"To this I would ask your opinion on unpaid internships, and how you think of them, as companies offer them as they can contribute to your CV. Obviously they might not be the same but there are some parallels to be made. Just to be clear I am fully against pay walls on Mods, I am just curious."
"We have a procedural map and hand made maps. The hand made maps bring benefit to the procedural maps because stuff is back ported.

I don't think having separate maps splits the community at all."
"Given the amount of progress already this year and the recent tragic events, taking some time to relax, destress, and not burn out is crucial to any team or person. I have faith the Dolphin team will come back strong and blow us all away again with some new feature/fix.

But yes... yay battery alerts?"
"They reverted most of it already, here is the message on the market tab:

Early this morning, a problem with our currency exchange rate data allowed users who use Indonesian Rupiahs in their Steam wallet to make purchases on the Community Market at heavily discounted prices. We have reverted as many of these purchases as possible. Steam Trading and the Community Market were both disabled while this rollback process was occurring, but are now enabled once again.

A relatively small set of users have one or more transactions where the item was restored back to the seller, but the wallet funds have not yet been returned to the buyer. We are still working to resolve this issue and appreciate your patience while we sort everything out.

Users using codes to add Indonesian Rupiahs to their Steam Wallets may have noticed that the wrong amount was added. These credits will be fixed later today. "
"&gt; I'm just so glad Valve gave them the go-ahead to sell their mod as a standalone product.

There are two ways you can do this on Steam if you're using the source engine;

1) Purchase a license from Valve for a one time fee. (Valve still take a cut from sales on Steam)

2) Give Valve a higher percentage cut from sales.

Anyone remember [Aperture Tag](http://store.steampowered.com/app/280740)?

That started off as a mod for Portal 2 and eventually the mod creator decided to sell it on Steam.

Let's just hope that with recent events regarding monetising mods that Valve stick with their current system and are only approving mods that actually put in some effort."
I would seriously appreciate if Activision would realize their older cod games (cod4 and older) were not worth $20 still and only put a 50% discount on it. I just want to get a digital copy of the original cod in my steam account but I'm not going to rebuy the game for $10.
"Recommended Specifications

* OS: Windows 7 64-bit edition or Windows 8 64-bit edition

* CPU: Intel Corei7 4770K @ 3.5GHz or an equivalent AMD CPU

* Memory: 8GB RAM

* Graphic Card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 670 or AMD Radeon HD 7850 (VRAM 2GB)

* Display: 1920x1080

* DirectX: DirectX 11

* HDD: 20GB of free space

* Sound Card: A DirectX 11 compatible card

* Other: Keyboard and mouse necessary. Compatible with XInput controllers such as the Xbox 360 controller.
 
Minimum Specifications

* OS: Windows 7 64-bit edition or Windows 8 64-bit edition

* CPU: Intel Core 2 Quad Q9550 @ 2.83GHz or an equivalent AMD CPU

* Memory: 6GB RAM

* Graphic Card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 470 or AMD Radeon HD 6870 (VRAM 1GB)

* Display: 1280x720

* DirectX: DirectX 11

* HDD: 10GB of free space

* Sound Card: A DirectX 11 compatible card

* Other: Keyboard and mouse necessary. Compatible with XInput controllers such as the Xbox 360 controller."
"You know I had to relearn how to play Half-Life again.  Realistic shooters had trained me to be peeking out of cover to take controlled, accurate shots.  The problem with that in half-life is that the enemy shooters can hit very small stationary targets at any range.  Once I started strafing around in the open firing on full auto did it finally click how this game used to work.  It was funny how unnatural it seemed at first, but within the game it's the only way to gun fight.  The accuracy penalty is nothing/negligible for moving/sustained fire and the AI doesn't seem to lead well or at all (unless it's a turret and you can't out strafe it's turn rate).  "
"In my opinion, it's not a fair comparison because of the nature of both internships and modding. When you make a mod you are providing tangible proof of your skill as just a modder, while an internship only shows that you were trained and/or have some experience in a working environment. They're both valuable assets for filling out your CV but fulfill different roles. A more apt comparison is working on an open source project because it's basically the same thing for a different industry."
"It is good that the game is selling well on PC, but it is also clear why the PC release was not prioritized... the PS3/360 release saw over 11 million copies sold in *24 hours*."
"While that's true it's not supported by Steam, so if you get on the bad end of a trade like that because of something like this you're out of luck. "
"&gt;and not burn out is crucial to any team or person

It is. Building emulators is such an enormous amount of work. Thinking of it, it's almost crazy people actually do it. Most ones take a least 10 years to get to any reasonable state of maturity, probably twice that to get really perfect.

This is perhaps why you see so many emulators abandoned by their authors. Few can keep up with such dedication for so long."
"Not being sarcastic but I think the remodel was handled in the best way possible they could have handled it.

They had to have modeled him in a way that did not break away from his already established look because not only would doing so break a lot of the community-submitted items already in the store from the workshop, it would mean that every workshop artist would have to rework on them and if the artist themselves don't respond, the whole things basically going to be one big hassle what with the possible discontinuation of previously sold items, etc. Not only that but they actually listened to a lot of community feedback, even going so far as to post a thread asking for help on the remodel because they were stumped on what to do with him and guess what? lots and lots and lots of people pitched their ideas in and lo and behold, it turns out even the community don't want Void changed too drastically"
"underwhelming since its all just more of stuff that already exists...even weather and statues already exist

last year it was like ""omg weather affects this is so new and amazing!""

the only new thing would be terrain. which is a whole new map. not sure how they're gonna make that a cosmetic. doesnt seem possible. if it's not a cosmetic nobody will play it after a week and it will be a waste.

"
"I'm confident that if you asked an ATM for $20 dollars and it gave you $260,000, you would be legally responsible for not reporting the error and keeping / using the money.  A financial error should not always be an individual's obligation to notice.  But when it is that significant, the ethics change based on how obvious and significant it is.  It's stealing at that point to me."
Then you are setting the precedent that it's OK to abuse stuff for financial gain.  And piss off those who didn't abuse it in the process.
The big disappointment was that the community voted through faceless void. Personally I thought Valve did it right by him with that update.
"If you have leftover Club Nintendo points, you can redeem the Wii version for free and you only have to pay $2 for the Wii U conversion! "
"Imagine buying a ticket to a sports event.

Now, instead of a ticket, you get a special book. and in that book, you can predict winners, put in your favorite players and teams, look at the event schedule and whatnot and you can share your book to view for other people while you yourself can look at other people's books. What's more, this book allows you to earn items or rewards the more other people buy books with you, the more you participate in activities in the book or the more you decide to upgrade your book via payment. This particular book is also shiny and ornate enough that they let you take it home after the event so you can display it on your desk or whatever as a memento of sorts, that you have been there."
"As a port, it was god tier, that game ran on anything. As a game, it was pretty good as well. During a sale it usually goes down to like $5, its a steal for that price."
"I think you mean impossible.

A banks response would be ""tough shit, you should have tested your crap first"".

Here is a case where a large company was bankrupted in 3 minutes.

http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB10000872396390443866404577564772083961412"
"Just a head's up: You might have heard that Super Mario 64 and Donkey Kong 64, the only other N64 VC games out on Wii U, have a noticeable amount of input lag. Fortunately, Paper Mario doesn't seem to have as much compared to those 2 games. I have completed the first chapter so far and had minimal problems succeeding at those precise jumping and guarding action commands in battle."
"I would totally report the 260k it gave me. I mean, it would only be the right thing to do, it's not my 240k. I'm sure the bank really needs that 220k more than I do, anyway.

I mean, what could I do with an extra 180k? Just need to pull myself up by the bootstraps and return this 140k to its rightful owner.

""Your ATM messed up, Wells Fargo. Here's your 40 bucks back!"""
"Origin does something different, I thought? I had Battlefield 4 in my library for a long time because I was thinking about trying it. It was 1 week trial that only started counting down when you launched the game. That was way better as for some people it would take that long just to get the game. "
"The 60 fps hack for sonic colours is great, I hope they can hack wind waker or twiligth princess to run at 60 fps. "
I don't see why the seller would get $0 if their item was selling for $3. Surely it'd be Valve that would lose the money because they'd give the seller $3 but only receive 3 Rupiah
"Honestly considering it as a ""pay-walled"" content is a pretty far reach. TI is meant for you to support the players that play the game. The game is already free to play with no game play elements locked behind any sort of pay wall, this is just an incentive for people to donate to contribute to the prize pool. 

I noticed you made the argument that they delivered very slowly last year and this is true, so why do you have a problem now that they have more attainable goals?"
"What DO they want to make?

Ugh you know I used to be alright with this logic... But really? Considering the MASSIVE cliff hanger they left HL2 on its pretty shitty of them not to finish the damned story. Its been what? ELEVEN YEARS? Thats an absurd amount of time to leave people hanging. I wouldnt be so unhappy if they had ended the Hl2 story. But its like the game ended mid story! "
"Tubba Blubba and Huff N. Puff have really awesome themes, but the Crystal King's is just the *coolest*.

You got to give some props to TTYD's soundtrack though. That final boss music is freaking epic."
"Didn't watch the video but for anyone wanting another opinion.

I will say that DiRT Rally is the most fun I've had in a racing game in probably a decade. I don't even have a wheel (I'm really considering buying one) and I'm absolutely loving this. It is amazing how good it feels to do a clean run. If you like rally games then just buy it already. If you like sim racing games then seriously consider buying it. They're going to be putting out monthly updates, Pikes Peak is due out May 15th."
"The only obnoxious one here is you. I'm actually sick of people like you always flooding negativity around these forums.

How much did you donate to help the Nepali people if you don't mind me asking?"
"Well, to be fair, people have had two years to play it on other platforms. The people who do day one buys aren't going to sit around and wait two years to play on the platform of their choice. "
That's a self-fulfilling prophecy. It's a two year old game at this point. Don't you think we would've seen more sales if it had come out on PC at the same time as the consoles?
"Weird, it's the opposite for me. Paper Mario is neat, but it's the same old Mario locations (at least 6 hours into it) but with some cute humor and bosses.

TTYD had grimy ports, weird forest, ghost towns, floating wrestling cities in the sky...I felt a lot more enthralled by it, from the music to the enemy designs to the locales. Not that Paper Mario isn't good, but I just like TTYD better. "
"Played Smash 64 and F-Zero X on my WiiU a lot, and never noticed such things. And especially in F-Zero, any slowdown/lag would be **very** noticeable. So I could call this BS.

Maybe it is something that only very, very pricky pros would notice. "
"Maybe I haven't done enough research into this, but could this possibly be people not considering the idea that their LCD TV's have the significant input lag, but they just don't truly notice until playing games that were designed for CRT TV's which were virtually lagless in terms of input lag?

I purchased Mario 64 back when it first came out for the Wii-U virtual console a few weeks ago, and I didn't notice much input lag at all on my low latency LCD TV, and this was coming directly off playing Mario 64 on a CRT and N64 a few days prior."
"This. You can easily win battles, but if you don't gain enough audience, it's basically like losing. There's no worse feeling that coming up short in your audience and getting shafted on money and fans. It's a system that rewards constantly using different tactics. The combat is only half the game, anyhow; you have to manage your studio--budgeting, marketing, crafting, buying upgrades, returning emails, etc. All the systems are interwoven really well.

Anyways, I like the game. If you liked KoPaP, you'll like this. "
"Valve rents out an entire stadium for 3 days.

Pays every players plane tickets/hotel/lunches/everything.

Develops the game.

And rents out a Hotel for the pre-event to be played in.

But no, this is totally the same as Mods that valve has no part in!
"
"There is certainly some indicator of transactions using Rupiahs on their database. I doubt they would take the nuclear option of rolling back everything.

Having worked with databases, there is one guy who know exactly what to do and could have finished it by now and 3 managers , 5 co-workers and a legal team he has to prove his method to before he can rollback the transactions.  "
"This is a bit different though, as Black Mesa isn't just another original mod, it recreates Valve's game. Some game companies send such projects a C&amp;D order."
"They also put up 1.6 million each year on top of providing transportation, lodging, good and logistics of booking a venue for a week and a hotel for another week (qualifiers). All that and they are still the number 1 game in terms of eSports payouts, beating LoL (the biggest game in the fucking world) by 8 million dollars.

I'm not denying they aren't also financially motivated but the idea that they don't do this for the players is also fairly confusing given the first two TIs didn't have a compendium but still offered up a huge initial burden of cost to their company."
"I would very strongly advise against using a keyboard in any SIM racing game if you value your sanity. It is especially important in this, since rally stages all have super narrow roads so one mistake and you're in a ditch. Get yourself a $30 Xbox 360 controller, or pass. That's my advice anyway."
"Yes, I think you're right. I played Pokémon Stadium 2 on an actual N64 on a new, hi-def TV and it had a RIDICULOUS amount of input lag that was very noticeable on the cutting logs mini-game. It's the TV you're playing on, not the game/emulation causing the lag"
"With all this cosmetic stuff coming out Monster Hunter could really use a transmog feature from MMO's. Imagine using your same awesome set, but it just looks like the Varia suit or whichever pieces of gear you want it to look like. "
The locations may be more varied but there is so much backtracking in TTYD. The wrestling chapter you are just running around the building between fights. Twilight town you run between twilight town and the chapel a few times. The train chapter you just run around the train talking to people. Its still good fun because the dialog and gameplay is great but the original didnt feel like that for me minus the hub city
This makes me happy. I'm biased because most of the games that I played growing up came from teams like this; six to ten people in a hole in the wall making the best game they can. Personally it's the best environment to have. Ideas bounce better and experimentation is encouraged. I'm rooting for this game so hard and can't wait to play. 
"The demo is not a good representation of the game. Its basically Low rank monsters while you have High rank gear (made especially for the demo). Thats a huge power difference. Part of the appeal of MH is building your personal skill, creating your armor and forging your path. The demo doesnt let you do that

Regarding the C-stick/Circle Pad. I wouldnt worry about it. The L-Targeting lock on is fantastic. Dont use the touchscreen controls tbh, use the target Lock-on. It's all i used in MH3U and i have over 200 hours in that one. It works perfectly once you're used to it. The C-stick/Circle Pad is more immersive and allows for more fluid control, but you wont be gimping yourself by using the L-Lock on."
You just reminded me how much I hated the Twilight Town section of TTYD due to the mindless backtracking. Ugh.
"Not quite enough to get me to resub.  Had a blast when WoD first dropped but by the time BRD rolled out I was only logging in for raid nights.  

I think at this point I will just hold out for the next expansion.  Hopefully we will get some info for blizzcon this year. "
"Well it's one or the other. Of course you can have more FPS by having the same elements on screen, or just more elements on the screen instead of more FPS. It'll depend on the game. "
"Most TVs have a ""Game"" mode you can switch to. It's not a gimmick, it actually reduces input lag by turning off video processing features that won't be missed."
"12 days to play around with it, and a week for reviews to come out before release. Sounds promising :)"
"&gt; http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knight_Capital_Group

What an IT nightmare. One small mistake with gargantuan consequences and you're out of a job potentially along with your co-workers."
"A similar video about this from 2013

[Errant Signal - ""Keep Your Politics Out of my Video Games""](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_tdztHiyiE)"
"The fact that they're sending out copies this fast, AND lifting the embargo a week before release is a very, very good sign for the final quality of the game. "
"Hmm official announcement from uk is 7pm Tuesday, just emailed the leak to my head office and they've seen it and have been told not to confirm anything before then.Not that I'm confirming anything."
"Can you explain what the gem exploit was? I didn't even know gems were a thing until recently, so this is the first time I've seen it referenced. "
These are literally just snapped from the previous trailer. There's nothing new in that gallery except for like two shots.
"Pretty much this. I've heard the logistics of getting Chinese and CIS teams visas alone takes up a lot of manpower, let alone all the things you mentioned. There are even far more finer details, like ensuring every single person there has their own cellphone, food (for people from all countries) and so many more little things. It's not like this is a donate feature either, players are receiving in game rewards while also contributing. "
"That's a long, long technical story to be honest. But the major issue is that you don't know what you're doing and have to find out by experimenting.

Programmers are used to work with documentation and specifications. These exactly say what something does or doesn't. You don't have those available for a console or arcade system.

You can reverse engineer the game code, but you'll see it interacts with what's called memory addresses, which are just a number. E.g. it stores a ""1"" in memory address ""200"". Now what does this mean? You have to take a guess here.

Now take into account that a modern (and even older) console has thousands upon thousands of such addresses, you may begin to understand the difficulties.

Another issue is that a console does not consist out of one single chip, but has multiple ones cooperating in some way. Timing becomes very important here. But this is very hard to get right. For example, doing a division on the original hardware may be X times slower than adding. On the hardware on which the emulator runs, division and addition may be approximately as fast. 

If you let those operations execute directly on the hardware on which the emulator runs, there will be timing differences. If the original code depended on exact timing there will be weird things happening (invisible maps, missing doors) or will right out crash.

As said it's a looooong story, but hope this gives some impression ;)"
"Well, its early access (ie:unfinished) with the intent of getting feedback to improve, so tell them your concerns."
"Handling is entirely different. Everything this game has same with previous games is name. DiRT Rally is game for hardcore racing and rally fans. It's like comparing Call of Duty to Arma. DiRT Rally would be somewhere in between. It isn't full-on simulator like Richard Burns Rally, but it is harder and more realistic than previous DiRTs.

Drifting, pedal all the way to the floor and other arcadey stuff that you used in DiRT 3 will just get you crashed in DiRT rally. You will spend most of the time on 2nd or 3rd gear carefully trying to navigate to the end with most speed you can maintain and still survive."
May just be my youthful nostalgia speaking but the wrestling chapter was one of the coolest things to me when I first played it. The actual ranking up process wasn't really interesting but the whole intrigue that they managed to weave into that chapter really had me.
"I hope that CD-Projekt will make a lot of money. Not just because they make great games, but because they treat customers way better than others. I mean, I understand it's a PR move, but who cares? Everybody's happy, that's what counts. Early review copies, no DRM, free DLC's etc. Hell, I even received Witcher 2 for free from GOG a few months ago! I'll just buy Witcher 3 to support them."
"It is also important to note that the ex-Rare staff are not too salty (at least on camera) about their past relationship with Rare. They say they are still Rare fans. They are looking forward to hearing what Rare/Microsoft is coming up with at E3, regardless if it is competitive, because there's always a chance someone else is making a game for a similar market."
"Booking the Key Arena for a straight 7 days, paying for a professional TV quality crew and staff, flying out teams, managers, friends and family, etc. to Seattle, and other things could definitely cost you a lot of money. "
"Well, My listed knife I've been trying to sell was sold and rolled back. Also I cant trade it for[ 7 days](http://i.imgur.com/a40kCgz.png)... "
KCG didn't file for bankruptcy.  They merged with GETCO.  I bought a ton of KCG shares once they were unhalted after that error.  That was a fun trade.
You somehow have a problem with Valve making money? They've already announced that they're supporting 3 other majors throughout the year.
"With Witcher 3 finally hitting shelves, it means that Cyberpunk is next and I'm not sure which makes me more exicted!"
"&gt;A relatively small set of users have one or more transactions where the item was restored back to the seller, but the wallet funds have not yet been returned to the buyer. We are still working to resolve this issue and appreciate your patience while we sort everything out.

""Also if it turns out you slip through the cracks and we don't refund you, you can always contact our 24 hour customer support at...wait, what's that Bill? Our support is a joke? Oh well, guess you're fucked then."""
"Oh man, I was hoping the 64bit edition wouldn't be that expensive. Oh well, definitely backing the game regardless!"
"Your missing the part where 1 rupee was equal to 1 dollar for a moment in the exchange side.

So a user lists the item for $3. The exchange rate goes wacky and a user buys it for 3 rupees. In the CORRECT math, the seller gets 3 rupees worth for their sale (which is not even a penny in US).  So that is how a seller gets nothing while a buyer gets it for 3 rupees instead of 3 dollars.

"
"Whenever I see a game where the embargo lasts right up until launch day I am worried and experience has proven it right. 

So I'm glad the signs for this game are good. "
"Holy shit this is going so quick! Good on them for making something they are passionate about. Literally watched it go from $3,000 to $40,000 in the time it took for me to watch the pitch video. 

EDIT: WOW! 300k and rising! I wonder if this is some kind of record?"
There was a bug that let you dupe gems. It was so bad that sacks of gems were going for $.03 on the market. There were users who had millions of gems in their inventory that they were using to bid at the auction. This happened a week or so before the winter sale last year.
Its because people hate to accept their faults and the faults of their peers. That leads to an us vs them mentality that is so common in all forms of media.
"Exactly. I've never played a Witcher game before, but I plan on picking it up not only because it looks rad, but because I love that they're going out of their way to do the opposite of a lot of developers out there. Yeah, they will have paid DLC, but it sounds like it'll add a ton more content, so it will probably be worth the extra money. I'm really looking forward to this game, and future games from these guys. "
"This makes me all giddy inside. So much nostalgia. Definitely backing the shit outta this. My only gripe is that I wish Yooka wears some pants or a shirt...he needs more character.

EDIT: We did it!"
"Artists should be free to create as they want, if they want to push a political agenda wonderful. The line for me is drawn when people try to tell the artists what their vision should be. 

Like recently Chroma Squad came out and they have this little bit in it about instead of using a gal for a hostage in the episode of their show, they use a guy. Great, sure it's a bit ham-handed and perhaps it's meant somewhat poking fun. That's fine, that's their vision. 

But if they then started to shout, 'And anyone who has a female hostage in their game is a bastard and should immediately change it.' Then that's not ok. 

TLDR: Freedom of expression yay. Censorship boo."
One team didn't totally dominate everything. In fact Newbee almost got eliminated. Yes the final was disappointing as were a few of the later matches but the rest of the tournament was awesome. Especially getting into the final 8.
"I think he assumed (which is what I assumed) that the processing system would receive payment from the buyer and then send a payment to the seller, which should have been in the seller's currency, negating the exchange issue for the seller (but not for Valve)."
"When I first loaded the page, there were 86 left out of 150 t-shirt bundles, refreshed less than a minute later and it's down to 47, refresh a minute later and they're gone. Never seen a Kickstarter with the insane amount of instant attention this is getting. Could totally see this setting new Kickstarter records."
"Oh shoot I forgot about that! Oh ho ho imagine a Cyberpunk game with the same style/size of open world as The Witcher 3 is supposed to be! Deus Ex: HR was amazing, but one where you can explore even more? Even more amazing."
There is currently no level design. The game is in such an early stage of development that it literally has a sandbox to run around in and concept art. They have plenty of time to make it feel natural!
"O yeah, the paid DLC's will be simply huge, old school add ons. But they will give 16 free DLC's too. I know, they are small ones... but still, other companies charge for that. That's why I bought Cities: Skylines too. Their support for modding and free DLC's like tunnels make me happy. Maybe I'm naive, but I want to change the gaming market and make it more friendly towards customers. So I vote with my wallet."
"I'm torn on the idea of costume armor. Would it feel out-of-place in Monster Hunter? Would there be some explanation within the context of that world, like transmogrification in WoW, or would it just be there, like in Spiral Knights?"
This is going to get funded in less than an hour. And they absolutely deserve it. This is so cool! I'm so happy!
"Valve flies out 16 teams and pays for their hotel/food/transportation. Bare minimum that's 80 people that are coming from all sides of the planet. But there is probably more than 5 per team with managers.  

I'm not saying they aren't making money on this, but it's not like they are just pocketing the entire amount. "
"It can still use more! 175k is their minimum, they have a series of goals below that that will require more money, so everyone keep donating!"
"I'm really confused with that tier, it's just a cartridge with a USB drive in it, correct? It doesn't actually work on an N64?"
"So happy this is gaining so much cash already.

Sucks for Microsoft, they've had years to do a Banjo 3 and have never done it for some strange reason. This proves there is still a huge want for this.

Also, holy shit. Grant Kirkhope and David Wise working on the music together. It's going to be amazing"
"That music... You can definitely feel each composer's background in the tracks they're previewing, Jungle Challenge would fit in pretty well with DKC, and if I didn't know differently I'd say Jungle World actually *was* from B-K."
"I don't know, there are a few games with release date embargos that have turned out good. Shadow of Mordor I believe had one, for example."
"This project is nearly funded in under 30 minutes of Kickstarter launch. I would not be surprised at all if every stretch goal is met by the end of the day. Surely all platforms will get day one release without a shred of doubt, and then some.  
Here's to hoping Playtonic shows the industry that we really do miss and want the classic 3D platformer back. Incredibly happy for this group of extremely talented minds.  
  
*edit*: and there it is, 40 minutes later and it's officially over-funded. Amazing."
"At the rate they're going, I hope they reach most of their stretch goals.

- £175k: PC, MAC &amp; Linux release day one

- £275k: A unique epic boss battle on every level

- £330k: A pre-final boss Quiz Show challenge level

- £395k: Transformations into 'unexpected things' with unique controls and abilities

- £435k: A mix of 2.5D and 3D mine cart sections (done by devs from Donkey Kong Country)

- £535k: A local co-op ""buddy"" mode

- £665k: A 2-4 player local multiplayer versus mode w/ 4 games

- £715k: Professional French, German, Spanish, and Italian translations

- £775k: Exclusive character designs from ex-Rare guest artists

- £875k: 4 more multiplayer games

- £1M: Simultaneous Wii U, Xbone &amp; PS4 releases on day one

Personally, I just want them to make it to £665k. Everything past that is nice, but not something I'd want as badly.

EDIT: 5 hours later, and this is basically a list of all the features the game will come with."
That is incredibly naive to think this. There are not permanent transactional logs to perform a straight and even roll back to a specific point in time. You have the option to restore from a set point (forgetting everyone who added money or bought items) and now that involves the game purchase database as well. Except you can't just automatically issue refunds to credit cards for everyone who added money. You also have the option to step back through the Rupees transactions and the countless trades and sales thereon and try to undo the damage.
"Looks like they've opened up another tshirt tier, same price as the original one, if anyone is still interested :)"
"Anyone know which reward includes both the Steam and console version of the game? £20 tier says ""STEAM **or** CONSOLE DIGITAL GAME + PC TOYBOX!"" while £30 tier says ""Includes all previous rewards!""

EDIT: https://twitter.com/Espio1/status/596075202951421952 as confirmed by both Chris Sutherland and Andy Robinson, only rewards that include the boxed edition (£70+) will come with a Steam and console code."
"That's not entirely correct. Censorship does not cease being censorship if there isn't a government stamp of approval. You can censor information to your children. You can censor information to your partners. It does not lose its meaning.

But in any case if you're asking someone to change content that is not alright. You have a right to censor things for yourself or those you have authority over.

It is ethical to say, 'I don't care for this, I will not partake.' 
It is unethical to say, 'I don't care for this, no one will partake.'

"
"Dropped £395 on it, and snagged the N64 Retro box version + a standard and t-shirt.

I am SO HAPPY I decided to stay awake, bloody everything is going to be gone and funded in an hour, holy shit"
I can see it breaking two million. I'm really excited to see what kind of stretch goals they come up with after one million.
Being essentially forced to fire-salel your company to prevent complete bankruptcy isn't much better than bankruptcy and getting auctioned off. It was very much not a good day for Knight.
"The only thing that concerns me a little bit is if you look at the character description of Yooka and Laylee, they describe Yooka as ""the bloke without the pants"" which makes it sound very deliberate."
"This is the first Kickstarter I have ever backed. I pledged £20. I hope they hit their £1,000,000 goal which, at this rate, I think they will."
"Correct. The game is what they wanted to do with Banjo Kazooie if they didn't need to operate within the constraints of the N64. Although you do get an N64 Box for it, which may or may not be a very strong nostalgia factor for you. "
"Well, there is Chameleos in the game and chameleons are known to change their apperanace, right? Maybe the process would require some Chameleos pieces + the source and destination pieces of gear. Something like that might not be *too* far-fetched. 

Either way I would love to see this feature in future MH games!"
"The root of this is that there is too much focus on 'winning' a debate. The heart of a good debate should be that all debaters should be able to see faults in their own arguments, instead of having to act like your arguments are 100% right as to make yourself look confident and right.

Though this will (probably) never ever change."
"It looks amazing. Takes some of the mechanics that made Banjo-Kazooie an accessible platformer, but enough unique moves (the rolling move, for example) to stand on it's own. They're doing a wonderful job so far."
[He reminds me of the mysterious boy from Persona 3 in a way](http://gematsu.com/gallery/persona-5/may-1-2015/Persona-5_2015_05-01-15_004.jpg.php)
"Please for the love of god r/Games, give them all your munnies. I need that Wii U release. I require it. And the all of the stretch goals agree with me. Finally, industry vets I can get behind!"
"This is actually pretty typical for the big kickstarters.  I don't see it breaking records though.  It also depends on what you consider the record to be.

On Kickstarter for games, Obsidian has the record at something just shy of $4 million raise for PoE.

Unless you count Star Citizen which has blown the doors off of everything else though they have used more than just Kickstarter.

I think this one will do very well (no kidding, right?).  If it was only the usual 30 days for funding, I'd say 1.5 million USD.  But since they're doing 45 days, I think they might be able to entice enough people to get to 2 million USD or so.

Edit:  Hmm...  They've ~~almost~~ hit a million in a day.  This one might actually give PoE and Mighty #9 a run for the record."
It could be a bit of a running gag that goes on throughout the game where everybody pays out Yooka for not wearing any pants. You have to admit that'd be pretty funny.
Ex's brother was a partner there. He said that day was absolutely hellish. He just sat at his desk updating his resume while the entire company burned to the ground. 
"Now that you say that, I think you may be right. I went back to check the Mighty No. 9 kickstarter (Mega Man spiritual successor), and they made $3.85M on a goal of $900k.

Yooka-Laylee could make half of that and still meet all their stretch goals."
"The intro melody of Kirkhope's Jungle track is 100% from Banjo. Which is in no way negative, and it's obviously a very early rough version. I'm sure he's using the old sounds to closely influence his new ones."
"I think he kind of falls into his own trap and misrepresents objectivity as only those who use it poorly. It's actually strikingly similar to what he said in the start, you need to understand that implicit bias you have picked up along the way and try to take a step back and as empirically as possible. 

Now I agree with him that it's impossible to completely do that, I disagree with how he handles that. Matt seems to say that since everyone perceives reality differently, that there is no  point in trying  find a truth and you should just roll with what you believe. He shows this through his  line analogy and his generalization of those who disagree with him. 

Based on his video, I'm going make a bit of an assumption and say he sees himself at the top of the wave, while he himself puts those he disagrees with at the bottom. Throughout the video he implicitly guides the viewer towards those he disagrees with are backwards and wrong by way of the 50s clips shown while he talks about others ideals. 

TL;DR: He accuses people of being wrong because they don't try to see their own biases without paying any mind to his own."
It's a good thing. Emulation isn't just about playing games. It is also about preserving the systems so they go for emulating everything as accurately as possible.
"Mordor snook up on everyone though, before release i did not see any hype or excitement for the game and boom out of nowhere it gets love and rightfully so"
"I was honestly rather hopeful for it. Besides, Yooka gives a more feminine feel with his eyes. It vaguely resembles make-up, in my opinion."
"If you've never played a Witcher game before I recommend Witcher 2.

It's absolutely not necessary if you're looking to prepare yourself for W3, but it's a great game. The graphics are still incredible for today's standards. "
Funded within 45 minutes. And they deserve every bit of it. It's looking up to be the true Banjo-Threeie we've been waiting for.
"It's often kind of funny because people will make similar changes that could just as easily cost millions if there's a mistake but it's not on radar so a few knowledgeable people okay the change. 

Other times like this everyone and their brother end up involved and need to know exactly what's happening and bog the whole thing down.  "
"Not to be ungrateful, but I think this is pretty much guaranteed to be a garbage port. 

I mean, Japanese developer, existing Deadly Premonition port as precedent and it being done on the cheap due to the original under-performing all don't bode well."
"Asking for something or criticising something is not censorship. It is one of millions of influences. 

By your definition reddit just committed a massive censorship campaign against the VALVE corporation. And people that took part of ""take back mass effect"" would be basically micro-stalins."
"I'm sure it's not a coincidence they are trying to get this funded prior to E3.  I'd kinda be surprised if Microsoft doesn't announce Banjo Threeie, they have been hinting at it"
Nassij posts a lot on /r/esports and /r/Dota2 about how Dota is dying and CS:GO is replacing it. I'd personally ignore him when it comes to the subject. 
"Having just been introduced to Persona 4 a few months ago I'm really, really excited for this. I'm almost 30 hours in, hoping I can finish it and the PSP version of Persona 3 before this comes out.

The balance between RPG mechanics / dungeon crawling and all of the social / life-simulation systems is really so spot on and satisfying. I was expecting a weird, quirky Japanese game from how it had been described but its really one of the most engaging games that I've ever played."
Hope some benchmarks come out so I can make an informed decision on whether or not to upgrade my graphics card.
"Seems to also be taking some cues from the older Persona titles and mainline Shin Megami Tensei also, if stuff like the melee/ranged weapon split, fighting demons, and general appearence are anything to go by."
Another good example would be Dying Light (also WB) which just goes to show sometimes its the publishers call. Its always good to be wary of games with review embargoes but it doesn't automatically mean a game will be good or bad. It would be nice if we could know if it was the developer or the publisher that made that decision. 
I hope you kept all your N64 boxes. That is going to be an amazing collectible to add to your collection!
"It's skyrocketing. Take that Rare for thinking fans didn't want to collect items anymore.  

As for records its gonna have a hard time topping Exploding Kittens I think. "
"No, that's not true. It was about duping those Steam gems that were used for auctions as above user said."
No I think he'd rather just be able to sell his knife now since it wasn't his mistake and shouldn't be punished for it
False dichotomy. There is no reason that because of valves screw they have to put a 7 day lock on his shit.
It was the introduction of the new [Steam gems](http://gaming.stackexchange.com/questions/196251/what-are-steam-gems).  It has nothing to do with Dota 2.
yeah but that's because PR is involved now. You can fuck up once. But you cant fuck up while trying to fix a fuckup. 
I find it hard to believe that there's billions of dollars of hats and trading cards in the steam marketplace.
"There's really no way you can screw yourself with the social links and daily stuff. All it does is make fusing a little more efficient and unlock fusions at the end of the links, none of which are necessary to complete the game. The main draw is the story behind each link, way moreso than any rewards. "
"What kind of music do you guys listen to?

I have been listening to a lot of [ODESZA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdzI-191xhU) and I am seeing them live in Munich next week and I am SO DAMN EXCITED HOLY SHIT."
"Their target goal is to release the game by end 2015, and they have chosen the model of having a barebones working game that already has all the foundations in place and is very playable, just needs some more time for polish and tracks/cars. "
That recommended CPU is totally bullshit. There is almost no difference between modern i5 and i7 on most games. No way in hell this game will need a i7 4770k to have the best perfomance.
"I've somehow been re-integrated into my Animal Crossing town.  It's been a year, this kind of thing is not possible. I'm... Loading it up once every 1-2 days. Participating in activities to raise friendships.  Torturing villagers I dislike and want to move away.  Actually *caring* about making bells to pay stuff off.

I just don't get it, AC is my beloved ""burn out in 3 months from release"" game and somehow the magic is creeping back."
"I  think [1](http://gematsu.com/gallery/albums/persona-5/may-1-2015/Persona-5_2015_05-01-15_001.jpg), [2](http://gematsu.com/gallery/albums/persona-5/may-1-2015/Persona-5_2015_05-01-15_002.jpg) and [12](http://gematsu.com/gallery/albums/persona-5/may-1-2015/Persona-5_2015_05-01-15_012.jpg) are new."
"Potential significance of the May 5th date: [Gordon Freeman's Acceptance Letter to Black Mesa.](http://i.imgur.com/yvvJDsl.jpg)

That's from the HL PS2 manual. ([Source](http://half-life.wikia.com/wiki/Half-Life_Wiki:Retcons))"
"Oh this is cool, so how many of you play board games (since we don't talk about it here on this subreddit). Any that you truly love to play with friends?"
"This is my favorite line from the page:
&gt; Yes, we employ the man responsible for DK64's myriad of trinkets, but we've had a stern word.

A common criticism of Donkey Kong 64 was how many different collectibles there were in each world (5 Golden and 100 colored bananas plus some amount of colored coins for each Kong in each world). It became kind of tedious if you were going for 100%."
"/r/nfl has one of these, it's always a good idea. 

modding /r/videos after the Baltimore riots has exposed me to a whole new level of racism on the internet. I've dabbled in /b/ for about 8 years now and their racism is almost endearing by comparison. There's just such a weird consistency to it. It's wrong, but it doesn't really worry me. This is different. There are users writing these long winded posts defending the most backwards ideals. They're doing this on accounts that can easily be linked to them in real life like it's nothing. I'm a 23 year old millennial who has spent about 2-4 hours on the internet every day for about 15 years and I am **JUST NOW** learning new racial slurs.

I don't really care either way. I just wish people would speak less and listen more. This whole thing is just a stream of a million sheltered consciousnesses and it's been quite a ride this week spending all of my free time sifting through pages upon pages of it. "
"Yeah, but without these guys at Rare, the team is a shadow of its former self. It's like 343 Studios--still good games, but they're just not the same. "
"In all fairness, that is 3 months of work. Once they're funded and working on it full time it'll look much better"
"Oh, now my excitement vanished. KoP&amp;P got very boring very quickly. And still people seemed to like it. It even has ""very positive"" on Steam reviews. I can't understand what people saw in that game."
"Deadly Premonition was done by Rising Star Games, A British company.

D4 is being done by Access Games."
You'll need to dump them first. Due to the file structure of the discs most drives can't even read them.
"Yea, DK64 went a little over the top on the collectibles. I personally find the BK amount to be pretty alright, so it's gonna be exciting to see how much of collectibles they end up adding to this game. "
it was in the same inventory for 7 days prior to the rollback or else it couldn't have sold.  A proper rollback would have restored it to its original state.
"I agree, although I bet a lot of Rare employees now are ones who grew up playing Rare games. I think this is more likely to be good, but I could see Banjo Threeie coming out a year earlier."
"Counterpoint: SPM was super fun to play, with decent 2D platforming (admittedly, still crappy 3D stuff), fun exploration, and an AMAZING story."
On of the best descriptions I've seen of Super Paper Mario is a Platformer/RPG hybrid with the battle system of a platformer the platforming of an RPG.
"Wow that sounds really tough. 

I actually haven't encountered much racism on reddit except for the couple times I stumbled across those super racist subreddits (you know which, I am not gonna link them).

Is racism (and sexism) a problem on /r/videos outside of the riots threads too?"
"I thought everyone was gone before Nuts and Bolts, and I found that to be an extremely enjoyable game"
This basically IS Banjo-Threeie anyway. I can't imagine Rare putting out a Banjo game that feels as Banjo as this non-Banjo game. 
"It's crazy to me that these guys left a stable job with a company to start something that small, just for the love of making games. Makes me really hopeful for this game! "
Urban Justice would have been the 4th SWAT game. It was cancelled and SWAT 4 came around instead. Division 9 was to be a sequel/spin off of SWAT 4. I remember reading about this a few years ago and being very disappointed. Fast forward to now and we have way too many zombie games at this point. 
"Yeah, I always thought that with all this information and the internet, that kind of shit would disappear :/

It's such a lack of empathy, the inability to understand complex problems to other groups of people."
"No, it was pretty shit.  The stick mechanic was horribly thought out, and didn't work well for battles or for puzzles.  The fact that it was used for both just made it worse.

I wrote a Thing about the game when it came out, which you can read [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/GameSociety/comments/17pre2/february_discussion_thread_4_paper_mario_sticker/c89s8up).  I recognise my bias (As I mention at the top of that post, I love the other PM games, so Sticker Star was a major disappointment in that regard alone), but I think even ignoring that, Sticker Star is simply not a good, well-designed game."
"&gt; Given the amount of progress already this year and the recent tragic events, taking some time to relax, destress, and not burn out is crucial to any team or person.

Oh man, I hate to be the one to mention this, but... [the patch in question](https://github.com/dolphin-emu/dolphin/commit/82bbada3524f6007b0ad82cf911962c028a728b3) was actually written by Rachel Bryk, the Dolphin developer who passed away recently. It was merged into the codebase just three days before her death."
"Except the shots from the trailer now have an actual in-game date. All of the ones in trailer, I'm pretty sure, were of 4/11. These range from 4/7 to 4/28. It's a small detail, but it shows that this Persona's not going to rock the boat too much in progression, at least in the beginning.

Or it could just be different dates. Hey, I'm bored."
"Good vibes man. Nice to feel after some negative gaming news lately.

The crazy success here really makes me wonder why Microsoft didn't take advantage of the talent here. I mean maybe I'm oblivious to the nuances and inner workings of big business game development, but Rare produced several of the all-time best-selling N64 games... and here they are raising hundreds of thousands of pounds in mere minutes. Seems like really untapped potential for over a decade."
"It's now been a full year since my depression diagnosis. I'm doing better but I've got to the point where I feel insanely bored. I can barely stay awake for more than a few hours at a time so I can't really commit to employment or a volunteer position. My friends work 9-5 jobs so I'm insanely bored during the days. I'm trying to think of some casual activities that can get me out of the house more. I've been going for walks a lot but I feel like I need to do something more.

EDIT: Thank you for the responses. This is a great and kind community."
"You should work in marketing. If they had that, EVERY stretch goal would have been met in 20 minutes."
"Source? Not doubting you really, but I couldn't find anything on their Twitter and I was wondering the same thing about getting both copies. "
"$9.99 for the entire game is extremely tempting. But I'm already playing XIV, and I barely have room in my life for that. Plus, from what I hear, XI is well past its prime community-wise."
"Pen &amp; Paper's problem is that it was a decent phone game that got stretched thin into a Steam release. It was really good for something to do while pooping or waiting, but not for sitting at a computer and playing.

Chroma Squad is way different. It's got a much deeper tactical RPG system with interesting combinations available. After a character has moved and/or attacked, they can go into Teamwork Mode, which causes them to kneel and hold out their hands, so that another character can run by them and get a boost to do an acrobatic move and do a multi-person attack afterward as well. The giant robot sections are pretty different as well. On top of that, there's all the TV show aspects, like fulfilling requirements for the episodes and keeping the audience entertained, as well as managing the studio and actors. It sounds like a lot, but the game did a good job of introducing it at a decent pace so that it's not overwhelming, and the difficulty ramps up smoothly.

As good as the gameplay is, the other aspects are just as good if not better. The music is fantastic, the writing is hilarious (and the story is pretty damn fun), and I love the character designs for enemies and actors. If you don't like the Pen and Paper visuals, this game looks a bit similar at first, but the animations and designs get way better as it goes on so only let that deter you if you just don't like pixel graphics in general."
"It might not beat Exploding Kittens in total amount pledged, but that Kickstarter used about an hour to get $100k, so Yooka-Laylee beat them on the amount of money pledged within the first hour. "
"CD Projekt have different meanings for DLC. 

DLC is a small thing that costs little and money to create. Things like horse armour, beard packs etc. 

They are not making you pay for that, in fact they are making you pay for an expansion which is an expansion to the main game with new quests and areas to explore. 

That is a business model I can absolutely get behind. I am always willing to buy things like expansions (if I enjoyed the game) instead of trivial things that are included in DLC. 

And yes their future games will probably be great as well. Relly looking forward to seeing CyberPunk 2077."
The point being they weren't asking for that input in past titles as they were finished products. They're specifically asking for feedback to chart the direction of the game this time.
"Well, that is almost every indie developer ever - indies tend to have the skills to be easily hired in companies, but they do their own stuff for the love of it."
"This week has been good for me. I came out to my best friend whom I have had feelings for quite sometime. Even though he told me he was straight, he was totally cool with it and I still feel good that I finally said something and got it off of my chest and I just feel happier now.

Yooka-Laylee is looking really great and I'll be backing that Kickstarter. I started to replay Banjo-Tooie (Xbox port) these past few weeks in anticipation."
"I think the point was once people acknowledged that their was a flaw in the system they started to abuse it.

For example if you know that 13,000 rupiah is worth $1 but trading for $13000USD.

You could rightly sell something that to an indonesian is only worth $1USD for the price of $13000USD and they have no issue with it. While Steam is then supposed to give the seller the $13000 list price.

----

So to cause almost a Billion in losses. You would only have to sell about $77K worth of good's that have been price adjusted by 13,000. To hit 1 billion in sales

1,000,000,000 / 13000 ~= 77K.

Which is a far far more manageable target for the market. Assuming that you had enough people taking part in the exploit. And enough willing Indonesians willing to buy stock at what would be to them standard prices in order to make others rich.

----

Because despite what the OP post says. If the Seller is selling something for $20USD. It doesn't really matter if the Buyer paid 2 rupiah or $400USD to steam. Steam is obligated to pay out the $20USD list price.

If they get more money because the conversion rate changes between the point where the person was charged and the point in time where Steam actually converts the money. Woohoo for them. If they lose money because of the same thing. Unlucky. They have to absorb the losses and benefit from the gains in that area.

"
"By this logic, you'd actually have to have read the books for this one, considering Ciri, Emhyr and Yen are the main characters"
Not even those are new. They are from [scans](http://cdn3.dualshockers.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/Persona5_3.jpg?eaa32f) from Famitsu back in February.
[For those who don't know.](http://i.imgur.com/htdeZCo.jpg) There's definitely some visual similarity there.
"&gt; There are users who will go through someone's post history and try to recognize patterns to determine their ethnic background and then use that as a basis for what slurs to use and threats to make, so someone making a completely neutral comment could end up really shaken up.

I think this is probably why you consider 4chan brand of racism to be so ineffective in comparison. When you're called a nigger or a faggot, it's just words. They have no idea who you actually are. Compare that with any site that gives you a persistent identity, and it really opens you up to people zeroing in on particular insecurities or aspects. "
"It might set records for a game or similar category if that's what you meant, but overall there are other Kickstarters that have hit $1 million in under an hour. "
"The sticker mechanic was god awful. There was no story like the other games had, no charming sidekick characters, no rpg elements, not even a reason to fight enemies. It should not be a paper mario game."
"&gt;More zombie apocalypse games?

You do realize that development of Division 9 started back in 2006, 2 years before Left4Dead and the explosion of popularity for zombie games, right?

EDIT: And I was wrong. The development for this game *died* in 2006 when 2K acquired Irrational, which means development had already been going on well before that."
Explains a bit. I looked at the gem auction for about a picosecond before deciding that something was bullshit and backed away quickly.
"I tried to go back a while ago and it definitely feels dead in the lower level areas. When I picked it up near release, I met some awesome folks every time I logged in. From what I hear, the community is mostly in the end game areas. 

That, and the combat and level systems are far worse than FFXIV, at least in my opinion. FFXI will always be remembered fondly for me, but I can't go back to it. "
"&gt; For everyone complaining that the goals are overwhelming

Did you mean ""underwhelming""? I'm not sure it makes sense otherwise."
"&gt;~~Some~~ **most** game companies send such projects a C&amp;D order.

I've been giving Valve a lot of shit lately for their lack of customer support and poor handling of the paid mods framework, but it's pretty much universal that if someone is trying to remake an existing game they get a C&amp;D the ***moment*** the company finds out about it.

I've got to hand it to them on this one!"
"Oh, I definitely think it will. I'm actually pretty surprised how modest they were with the low funding goal. I thought it was pretty apparent from all the hype a few months ago when details about this started to leak out that there was a large fanbase to support this. This certainly isn't a greedy campaign and that alone shows me their dedication and passion for making this."
"Man, it's not even like Marty O'Donnell left, the dude was fired, rather aggressively too. I can't wrap my head around why Bungie would do such a thing, the guy's music is so iconic with their games."
"Boss fights as a stretch goal?
  
I don't hate them for doing this but I dislike this trend on Kickstarter where they set the initial goal very low, but the actual game doesn't get made unless they make significantly more than that."
"This is awesome. Reviewers get 19 days to play the game before release. Compare that to devs who send out copies the day of release. 

This means CDPR are confident in the game."
"&gt; Pushed to prod without testing?

One of the reasons I left one of my former jobs. Management decided to cut back and one of the things they cut was our staging and pre-prod servers. It left us devs with a workflow of ""dev box to live"". I turned in my notice the same week as I didn't want to be around for the consequences. A few of the other devs turned their notices too the same week."
"Playtonic just tweeted that if they hit a million by midnight they'll make Grant play a ukelele outside the E3 convention center:

https://twitter.com/PlaytonicGames/status/594214068203999232

E: grammar "
"[**@PlaytonicGames**](https://twitter.com/PlaytonicGames/)

&gt; [2015-05-01 18:57 UTC](https://twitter.com/PlaytonicGames/status/594214068203999232)

&gt; Right, it's official: if we hit a million by midnight we're going to make @grantkirkhope play a Ukulele outside the E3 convention centre

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)
"
"Also, I got an email for a free chest of items for DA:I multiplayer for signing up for the Alpha for Shadow Realms (which was cancelled a few months ago). So, anyone who signed up for the Alpha and plays DA:I multiplayer should check their email or just log in and check the ""Free"" section of the multiplayer store.

It might be a small group of people this applies to, but I thought I'd let people know."
"&gt;Such a waste of an IP.



Skylanders is printing money for them, you'd have to have your head DEEP in the sand to see their use of Spyro as wasting the IP."
A proper swat or rainbow 6 game won't happen. They should take their cues from the dark souls craze and go all out. 
"Guy hasn't stopped making music for all these years, so that, fortunately, shouldn't come as a surprise."
"Were Broken Age and Mighty No. 9 failures? They just finished and released the former, and the latter is expected later this year."
When it says three new characters are joining the battle they mean on the multiplayer right? Not new single player team mates. 
"This is a summary of the Bioware livestream revealing new content coming to multiplayer:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PgFe5hrkepk

You can find the bioware blog post on it here: 

http://www.dragonage.com/en_US/news/dragonslayer-announced

The Black Emporium has been in the works for a while aswell and its the second free DLC, this one is single player only though. The Bioware blog post is here:

http://blog.bioware.com/2015/02/13/introducing-the-dai-patch-5-beta-program-featuring-the-black-emporium/

I really like the DLC model for multiplayer, in my opinion, bioware got microtransactions right. You pay for chests with either real or in game currency. You cannot get anything with real money that you cant in game. This enables all expansion packs for Dragon Age MP to be free as it was in Mass Effect 3 MP. I really hope more devs take this DLC model approach, because in my eyes, its perfect. Everyone wins. EA gets money, all players get DLC, premium players get to skip the grind somewhat."
"No, but it also isn't a Crysis situation where even if you had a literal top-of-the-line machine the game would make your PC cry while performing like trash."
"&gt;what's the story in Marvel comics?

read some bubbles

&gt;what's the story of Star Wars?

characters travel from planet to planet with things happening to them

&gt;what's the story of Mass Effect?

choose a color

S/he asked what the story was, not some snarky non-answer as to how the player interacts with it."
FYI [GameStop has The Witcher 1 and The Witcher 2 for $1.49 and $2.99]( http://www.gamestop.com/pc/games/the-witcher-enhanced-edition/115735) respectfully. They're steam keys but you can register then on GoG too and get DRM free versions in addition to your steam copy. You'll also get 10% off a preorder of The Witcher 3
"Depending on the company, it's less ""treated like shit"" and more not having enough creative say in a product. When you are in a team of 4-8 people and you have a really neat idea, you can just casually talk to your team about it and have a working prototype of it up in a few hours (assuming the idea is any good/fits the scope). With 50-200 people teams, you have to bring it up the the department lead, who will have to bring it up to the project lead, then everyone will dwell on it for a few days, then you might not even hear back from them. It's an entirely different atmosphere from knowing everyone's favourite food vs. not even knowing half of the art department's names. Most people who get burnt out on game dev burn out because they are in the latter atmosphere when they want to be in the former."
"Is it? If that one thousand has been spent on consumables, or even items that could be resold at a lesser value, it's unlikely the person can return it in one lump sum. Something like ten dollar a week may be all that is affordable to him under regular circumstances. It's not his fault you fucked up. "
"One of the most deserving scores ive ever seen. The game is that good. Its hard but when you eventually do things like land on mun or minmus...etc it just lets all the work pay off. That being said, the game is super hard in career mode if you suck at the game. "
"People give the Xbox One shit for being a little weaker or the whole NSA camera shit, but I'm REALLY happy with how well the system works. Being able to jump RIGHT back into a game is awesome, and the graphics are still really pretty. There are things I wish would have happened with this generation but I paid $350 for a new Xbox and its been a great return."
Its a smart move for any company. It greatly raises the chances of actually hitting the goal and getting some money. The alternative would be the indiegogo style where you keep it all regardless. It's just a good business(and marketing) move.
"After the recent update, the PS4 is able to do it as well if I put it in rest mode. Never experienced something so smooth on a console before  "
"The Dark Souls of space exploration ... look what I am trying to say is that this game is fucking hard but pays off **big time** when you complete a mission that you thought completely impossible; mostly due to your inability to get off the damn launch pad **WITHOUT BLOWING SOMETHING UP, BECAUSE WHY IS THAT BLOWING UP IT'S FINE AND NOT TOUCHING ANYTHING AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!**"
"I'm kind of worried it won't have as many levels as the original Banjo if it's only $15. I know, I'm complaining about a game not costing more, but I hope it at least feels like a full game.."
"I don't see anything wrong with their argument that all the skins still need to be QA'd on individual ships, but it would be nice if they did that *before* releasing the skins and then allowed skins to be applied to any ship.

The software developer in me on the other hand is just really impressed at how versatile their skin system is. I would give my left nut to see the code backing Eve..."
"Although it's most effective to go full paragon or renegade in Mass Effect what's important is the small choices that you make throughout the game. Having a choice to make every minute or so in dialogue makes you feel engaged and active in the game, even if the outcome is the same in the end. 

In a game like Metal Gear Solid the story can be told in 20 minute cut scenes at a time with no player engagement. This is even the case for stuff like GTA, Red Dead Redemption, God of War etc. Although the story is great you feel like you're having short gameplay segments between bits of movies. Meanwhile in Mass Effect you're constantly engaged through long dialogue/cutscene sections so you feel more involved with the experience and are playing the story, rather than watching it unfold.

There's really no way around the awkward pauses if you want to have player engagement and them thinking about complicated moral choices. The Witcher 2 has timed dialogue choices for when you're under pressure which sort of solves that but it means you make a snap decision instead of thinking about the choice you're making and the consequences it will have, which isn't ideal a lot of the time."
"They're in great company. Only the ~~11th~~ 13th game to be rated a 96 or higher.

For reference, a ~~*complete*~~* list of games that have gotten higher ratings from PC Gamer, ordered by score with issue in parentheses:

* **98** Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri (April 1999)
* **98** Crysis (Holiday 2007)
* **98** Half-Life 2 (December 2004)
* **97** Half-Life (January 1999)
* **97** Civilization II (July 1996)

All other 96 ratings from PC Gamer, ordered by date with date in parentheses:

* Star Wars: TIE Fighter (October 1994)
* Wing Commander III: Heart of the Tiger (March 1995)
* The Sims (April 2000)
* Company of Heroes (October 2006)
* Company of Heroes: Opposing Fronts (Holiday 2007)
* Minecraft (25 December 2011)
* Spelunky (9 September 2013)

[Source](http://www.metacritic.com/publication/pc-gamer)

Also, if you haven't played Alpha Centauri, please do! The Planetary Pack is only [$5.99 on GOG](http://www.gog.com/game/sid_meiers_alpha_centauri)

\* It looks like some much older games aren't in the MetaCritic archive so they weren't listed in the source I used. I think my point still stands that all the games with ratings this high have been pretty amazing.

edit: /u/Zizhou pointed out TIE Fighter which was not in the list that I'd used for reference.  
edit 2: /u/DracoVolans found another game not listed on MetaCritic or on the PCGamer website: Wing Commander III"
"BK was perfect imo, a handfull of jiggies and what, 100 notes? It was doable by everyone while remaining a challenge as the game progressed. BK, in my mind, remains the pinnacle of 3D platformers."
"They did this in only 2 months and it is pre-alpha. Pre-Alpha is the first playable version of a game and is normally buggy and glitchy as shit. It looks already really good.

Don't compare it to other games that have terms like ""technical alpha"" (Heroes of the Storm) or bullshit names like that. This names are missused and wrong. "
"I think Mass Effect is a bad example of conversations.  The game (especially Mass Effect 2) actively punishes you for not playing one version or the other.  Conversation options are straight up locked away unless you have enough points in Paragon or Renegade.  That is, admittedly, terrible.

But most other game I love conversation options.  Dragon Age doesn't have a good/evil bar.  You can bounce back and forth depending on the situation.  You can actually role play.  Those are fun.  And there shouldn't really be awkward interruptions.  The point of the wheel is that you can choose your response soon enough to keep the thing going.

Also, on a personal note, I like to get the whole conversation.  I like to discuss every possible option.  Obviously not everyone wants that.  So it's an optional thing. "
"Eh. I thought the motivation in Shadow was way too generic. 

Mass Effect 2 had a brilliant intro I thought. It clearly established that this game would be different from the last, got me interested immediately and did a great job of introducing new concepts."
"And so it should. I downloaded KSP before it was even on Steam, where you had about ten different parts, Kerbin and the Mun and no trajectory paths. To have seen it grow from that into this incredible game, where what you do is down to your own imagination, from building space stations to flying to the farthest regions of the system, is humbling. I would have never have imagined that tiny, somewhat ugly demo, would turn into what it is today. The developers deserve all the acclaim they get. Nothing was rushed, the community was always listened to and tellingly they've released pretty much the perfect game.  "
"And the best part is when you go to internet to find why it's exploding, then stumble upon gif of someone catching and **landing a asteroid** next to KSP"
"A 96 is extremely high for PC gamer. 

I expected around a 90 to be honest. Glad to see I was wrong. "
"I guess it's good that their scale actually means something instead of saturating quickly like 4 or 5 star scales do, and that they've maintained the sanctity of the last 5 points of the rating scale.

But damn, I didn't think the list was that short.  And it's odd to see that so many are from 8 years ago or more."
"&gt; Everyone wins. EA gets money, all players get DLC, premium players get to skip the grind somewhat.

Is it still done lottery style like ME3? Buy your tickets, check to see if you won the prize! Because that's not a good system. You get free content, sure, but they've made the grind so much worse to push people into paying money. And even if you should, it still ends up being totally random.

It's the model for all those freemium mobile phone games. Try to fund it with whales and make it inconvenient for everyone else. And we can't pretend that's an ideal when it shifts into the AAA space."
I don't know if Squad has officially said anything but I'd say there is little to no chance it's ported to consoles.  Even if it was I can't imagine it being anything more than a shell of itself.  
"I completely agree with you. The Kickstarter says ""More than five distinct worlds."" How many more, is what I want to know, and to be fair, probably will closer to launch."
"Agreed. However,  I think there's one on there that might not deserve it. IMO Crysis isn't really a great game. I think it's rating comes mostly for its tech. Heck, the one sentence review is:

&gt; Destined to be a classic, Crysis is a creative and technological marvel that eclipses every other shooter released this year.

[When I see these responses](http://i.imgur.com/uplHwfo.jpg)"
"I don't think black people Twitter deserves to be lumped in with the other subs. Black people Twitter is 90% just jokes about Drake, haircuts, and mix tapes being fire. The jokes all suck and are based on racial stereotypes but it's a lot better than subs whose sole purpose is to foster hate. "
"I wouldn't say they did it right but the intro to Nuts and Bolts was pretty memorable. They spent the entire intro insulting Banjo, the old games, and the player. I barely even made it to the gameplay and I already hated the game"
"It has a crafting system this time around. There's still the lottery chests, but now they have random items and random crafting mats, so if you want something specific you can craft it."
"The original Bioshock.

It does so many things right. It establishes the time and place perfectly with the music, the bathysphere, and the neon signs in your descent to Rapture.

It's paced really well. It starts you off in an exciting way with the plane crash and the splicer attacking the bathysphere, but then it also gives you time to really soak in the environment and get your bearings.

In the first few minutes it sets up all these questions. ""What is this place?"" ""What happened here?"" ""What's up with Andrew Ryan?"". It gets you invested in this world and makes you wanna search for the answers.

It gives you an ally in Atlas who's with you every step of the way. And it also sets up Ryan as the potential bad guy, making you wary of him. And it hints at the player character's importance with the very first lines of dialogue.

Take out any one section of the intro and it makes the entire setup so much worse. None of it is redundant, and none of it is wasted."
"I felt that the beginning parts of Read Dead Redemption were done very well. They pulled you into that Old West world and really made you feel immersed; all done through some simple horseback riding, beautiful scenery and a great soundtrack. "
"I wonder how this would have reviewed if it didn't go through the early access process and get a cult following. I think we would have had demons souls syndrome, where an idea is so different from what's out there that it would have been lost on the reviewer without a community of specialists to show the depth and complexity."
Odd? Or a sign of the times? Maybe AAA studios aren't putting enough effort into games to make them get those scores.
"&gt; How can they possibly justify this? 

Relax, it's just patch notes. And besides what they shared you, there wasn't anything really important to communicate.

Why would you compare a small bug fix patch to an obviously large sim 4 patch? "
I wasnt a fan of the introduction to mass effect 2. I didn't like the game in general though because I was very disappointed in the changes they made from the first so I'm pretty biased and I understand that's a very unpopular opinion.
"I personally found the core gameplay of Crysis to be fabulous, actually. The Nano Suit, and the ability to switch between all functions on the fly led to some amazingly dynamic gameplay that really rewarded you if you mastered it. The North Koreans were also really fun enemies with pretty decent A.I that would try to run away if caught offguard, regroup, flank, and hunt you down. 

The first half of the maps were also excellently designed, giving you multiple avenues to complete your objectives while giving the player an excellent sense of freedom. Want to go in like Predator, or would you prefer to go strength mode, grabbing Koreans by their throat and using them as a bowling ball? Want to take out that chopper, but don't have an RPG? Throw some C4 on a barrel, strength mode, throw it at the chopper and blow it up. Or you could do speed mode, using hit and run tactics. Want to just go Armor mode and slug it out the old fashioned way? Or do you want to use all of those tactics, switching between them from second to second, always surprising your enemy? 

Unfortunately, I felt like it pretty much threw that all away come the second half of the game where the aliens show up, and most of the good things about the game are discarded. The sequels are another matter, but the first one did some really cool and refreshing things, and it did them *well* until they fucked it up midway through by not utilizing all the awesome mechanics they developed."
"It wasn't that much of a grind though. It only took a couple of matches on the easiest difficulty to get enough credits for the most expensive pack.


I have no problem with this kind of freemium stuff in triple a games as long as it doesn't effect me much, and this is exactly one of those cases."
"That's a shame, it's on my top ten of the 360 games easily. Sure, it wasn't a classic banjo game, but the gameplay itself was really fun. It was just a blast building random vehicles and seeing what you could manage. It took me about four years to 100% the achievements."
"I thought the intro to Infamous was well done, as well as Infamous SS but for different reasons.

Infamous starts off on a serene title screen with normal city life bustling along in the background with the simple command press x to start. Then as soon as you press x, the power goes out and a huge explosion starts in the distance and the first time I played I wondered ""shit did I do that?"" Having Cole limp his way out of the crater that you are pretty sure you caused definitely had me wondering what did I do and what happened to Cole?

Second Son on the other hand, when you first absorb the smoke power, that feeling of power gone haywire as you dash randomly with no control was a cool hook that had me thinking I might actually die this early in the game if I didn't get a handle on what was going on."
I think effort is the wrong word. AAA games cost millions of dollars and require hundreds of people to make. What they lack is the courage to try something completely new. AAA games do not innovate in the same way that indie titles do. Every AAA game you see is a variation of an already existing success. Games like Minecraft or KSP are something new entirely.
"Marty was fired for what he did, and how he did it. AKA he was a bit of an ass and thought he was mightier and more important than others. 

He might make amazing music, but he is not a game designer he's an composer."
"I was so scared in that first room. I was terrified that every corner contained one of those splicers and I was on edge the entire time.

Now that's Video Games."
"Specifically, it says ""A unique epic boss battle on every level"".  I'd imagine it's the difference between Banjo-Kazooie having a boss in only a few levels (unrelated, I never realized how front-loaded that game's bosses are until thinking about it just now), and Donkey Kong 64 having a boss in every level."
"I thought Prototype was pretty well done. You start off with most of your powers fully unlocked, in a heavily cop infested shoot-out with a giant monstrosity at the end of the street to fight towards.

Its a tutorial and you lose your powers at the end. But it sure sets the stage and shows you the kind of power you can ascend to."
"According to their kickstarter:

*Yes, we employ the man responsible for DK64's myriad of trinkets, but we've had a stern word.*"
"I was at a friends house when I first played Infamous. At the title screen he handed me the controller and told me to start the game. When I hit start and everything started exploding, my friend starts yelling ""WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?!?!"". I was honestly shocked when it happened because I'd never played a game that started like that. It was a great way to get the player right into the action."
"I get the appeal of showing the player what they'll be able to do eventually but personally I'm not really a fan of ""abili-tease"".
Don't show me all the awesome stuff and then take it away!"
"Honestly I think the biggest problem with DK64 was that the collectibles were Kong-specific. There would be countless times that you'd see a series of colored bananas, balloons, coins, and so on that you may easily be able to reach, but just couldn't obtain with the Kong you were using because of that arbitrary restriction. I feel like the game would have been infinitely more bearable if it had the same amount of collectibles, but just allowed any Kong to pick them up (Golden Bananas aside.)"
"There is a surprising amount of physics simulation going on in the background, which requires a better computer than you might expect."
I think AAA games are basically Hollywood blockbuster movies at this point:  Sometimes I come away thoroughly entertained but they aren't breaking new ground or blowing my mind any more these days.
"I disagree. Crysis (or at least the first two thirds) has some of the best gameplay in the history single player FPSs. You were given almost total freedom in how you handled most of the objectives. The game gave the player a set of problems and the tools to solve them, but it was up to the player to decide how to use those tools."
"Crysis is an amazing game. The suit is amazing. Wonderfully varied level design and alternate gameplay styles to spice things up and keep things interesting, fun and satisfying weapons, the weapon upgrade system, which seems old hat now, was great, and all in all just stellar production values on the whole package.

The VTOL level sucks, I'll grant.

It not only eclipses most other shooter, I'll play it over Half Life 2. It is, as far as I'm concerned, pretty much one of the top 5 FPSs of all time.

I find it baffling how people pass it off as some 'just some tech demo.'"
"I think the classic answer for this is FFVII, which drops you right into the action with some awesome music and an awesome setting.

I think FFVIII is a little underrated in this regard though, which, while it doesn't drop you right into the action *immediately*, the [opening cutscene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mw55ClfeF1g) is **AWESOME**. Great music, it's mysterious, you have no idea why they're fighting, why they are showing you what they are. And without spoiling anything it actually plays a decently big role in the story in the end."
"Time and time again, it has been shown that the ranked system is an accurate measurement of players. There have been threads where people who think they deserve to be 1k higher are given an account at that level and they all end up around the same MMR as before. I know it sucks to go on a losing streak and that often it feels like it is all your teammates fault, but in the end if you lose a ton of games...well, you are the uniting factor in all of those losses.

There is no trench, or if there is it stretches between 0K and 8K. Go search around on /r/dota2 for posts where people have done studies, and each one ends up saying that 99.99% of the time, people are at the ranking they deserve. It sucks to reach a high MMR then fall down, but the reason for that is you. To fall 1K MMR means at least 40 more losses than wins, and that isn't something that can be reconciled by just trolls and Russians. I say this as a 2.8K myself.

Edit: And might I comment that if it feels like you lost because of shitty teammates, it is usually your own negative attitude that causes you to lose. I know that I do substantially worse in the games where I hate everyone and maybe even flame; positivity really is a major factor in doing well, and when you feel like your team deserves to lose it pretty much becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy."
"I'd prefer using the word 'risk'. Trying something off the wall, or simply 'not yet market tested' is risking those millions of dollars on something that might make a fraction of what a ""safe"" game would be for them. Of course it goes both ways, and a ""risky"" game might explode in popularity and possibly even bring in new demographics(like Minecraft has).

I can't find a good way to apply the definition to effort to that sort of thing, though. They'd be willing to put in the effort if it weren't risky, and if it weren't risky they'd already be doing it as much as anything else."
It's not a matter of effort; AAA devs work just as hard with just as much passion as anyone.  It's a matter of business sense.  Once you get to a certain size you don't want to take too much of a risk because too much money and too many jobs are at stake.  You stick to what you know will sell.
"TL;DR - because most developers/publishers assume (probably rightly) that their audience doesn't know what the fuck they are looking at, or care. Most probably don't even know what a patch is other than some annoying thing that they have to download before they can play online again. They consider it superfluous info so don't waste money creating comprehensive PR releases for it.

Some developers figure that it's useful to some people so they might as well release the info to be nice."
"I really enjoyed the beginning of God of War 1, on Playstation 2.

You see your hero jumping off a cliff, in a clear attempt to kill himself, and just before he hits the ground -FLASHBACK- You're on a wrecked ship, fighting undead monsters while giant hydras are eating crewmembers in the background, then you have to fight one of said hydras in an epic fight resulting in impaling the hydra on the mast.

I also enjoyed how the LOTR - The Two Towers transitions from actual movie scenes to game engine rendition in a flawless transition, and you find yourself fighting the armies of Mordor as Isildur, along with the united forces of Middle Earth, with epic music playing in the background. And then Sauron comes up and wrecks shit on everyone."
"The original Half-Life did an excellent job. Not only was it original for it's time, but it set the tone and gave you a great sense of the scale of the Black Mesa Research facility. It blew me away as a PC Gamer back in '98. I knew in the first 5 minutes that I was playing something special."
"It can run on a toaster, but you're going to be limited on how big of a ship you build if you do. The physics can get pretty intense on large ships.

The game has a built in throttle that slows everything down to attempt to compensate for this(especially at launch, when ships tend to be largest unless you're building giant spaceships/stations), but it can only do so much. "
In Bioshock Infinite when the gates upon up and you see this beautiful floating city and all you can think is..... 'woow'
It felt like watching a really long suspense movie. The audiologs gave a sense of hopelessness that I don't I've felt in a game before.
"Because it sounds like the patch is relatively minor (content wise)? 

I mean sure, it might be interesting to read what the fixes were, but really, I doubt it."
"It was made in 2007. The graphics were going to turn heads and probably earn the lions share of the points. 

People were a lot more focused on how pretty games were before the whole anti AAA debacle. "
"That was a mostly positive move for me. As much as I loved the story from 1, I hated the gameplay. The AI was terrible, the classes were mechanically far too similar, the constant onslaught of omni-gel management was such a pain in the ass. I'm not a big fan of how diablo buries you in crap items either though, an equally unpopular opinion."
"Indeed. Gameplay in Crysis is fantastic compared to most shooters. So much room to play how you want.

I wouldn't give the aliens the entire 50% of the game, though. They're more like the last quarter, easy. And by then, fighting a new opponent feels fresh.

I have a few nitpicky gripes, but in the context of things, very well done. I finally got a chance to play it on PC the past few months, and was blown away by how different it played than the console release (which had C2 suit mechanics)."
"yeah! it puts you on an island and is like ""there you go nerd"". You can punch cars, go tactical, or both! it never told you how to play.

when it got average reviews i was blown away in disbelief. Crysis 1 is awesome, and looks better than most games out TODAY. 2007 was a long time ago!"
[Crysis has a lot of potential](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9SPK3HN7Bs) to just have a blast with the nano suit.  The campaign (at least pre-aliens) is so damn fun.
Breaking new ground is risky. Nobody wants to invest millions on developing a game unless they have good reason to believe that it will sell. This is why most AAA games are either sequels or built on an existing IP. It's safer to iterate on what works than to attempt something unique.
It also happened to be a pretty good game but 98 is definitely too much given the awful second half. Crytek never understood what was actually fun about Crysis.
"The Last of Us has such a memorable and emotional intro, but I think Uncharted 2 with its train sequence in the Himalayas is Naughty Dog's best intro to date.

EDIT: I personally think The Last of Us is the superior game, but regarding the intensity of the intro, I think Uncharted 2 has the superior intro. It should also be noted that these are two *very* different games in terms of tone and pacing."
"No way.There isn't enough controls on a controller to play. Squad wouldn't want to have to downgrade the game for consoles since PC still have a lot of simulation to run and can get laggy occasionally. Furthermore, Modding is a HUGE part of the game community and I don't think they would want to mess that up."
"Alright so the best opening sequence to any game imo is Uncharted 2 when you see Drake in the train for the first time. So so intense and just a breath taking opening to a game. The Last of Us may have surpassed it because the lead up to the title card in that is fucking incredible. 

I'd also like to say that best opening click to a game ever. By that I mean transition from selecting new game to the actual game has to be Dragon Age Inquisition. The menu screen loop that explodes was awesome.
"
"It's not really that much of a cult following though, pretty much everyone I talk to (who plays games) knows about the game. Not only that, NASA, ESA and a shit ton of people who actually work in the spacey field know the game. Helps a lot I guess?"
"Majora's Mask comes to mind, from the start up until you enter Clock Town. It drops you right in a chase and just gets weirder and weirder. It really sets itself apart from OoT."
"As much as I hated the game, I love the beginning gameplay of Dead Island. Walking around that creepy abandoned Hotel Room, completely alone knowing what the premise of the game is, it was awesome. Then you get to the beach and its all downhill from there."
"Heavy Rain and Morrowind come to mind. Morrowind is just simple and you feel like you've just got off the boat in a new land.
I will never forget the guy saying ""AHHH YES!""

Heavy Rain was one of the best games for ps3. It starts out with you just at your house doing work, and hanging with the wife and kids. Then you go to the mall and that's this... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efZ0n2jpPJw"
100% Bioshock. I actually had quit games for a while before that game came out. I remember being at a friends house and he showing me the intro to that game. I was blown away and had to try it for myself. I basically got back into playing games again because of that game.
"Uncharted 3's intro is simple but I think it's up there with Uncharted 2, the bar fight is just so stylish. You get Drake and Sully's snarkiness right off the bat, and then Chapter 2, although it's not really the opening, is awesome as well. I think Uncharted 2 had a bigger hype drop from Chapter 1 to Chapter 2, but UC2's opening is definitely still amazing.

And of course, The Last of Us, personally my favorite game of all time, arguably the best game of all time. Great intro.

Good answer :D"
Crysis didn't get average reviews. It got great reviews. Only recently have people suddenly decided it was a 'tech demo'. Completely absurd. 
"I thought GTAV started really well. Just the feel I got from the beginning of that game drew me in so much that I couldn't put my controller down for the next 5 hours. 

Also, Far Cry 3. A brilliant intro to a brilliant game. You see just how crazy the antagonist is at the beginning and all you are doing is pretty much running for your life until you get knocked and wake up to some guy chizling a tattoo into your arm. One of my favorite intros of all time hands down. 

And last, but certainly not least, Destiny. Now don't get me wrong, I fucking hated this game, but the intro to it was perfect and made me fall in love with the game until it completely betrayed my expectations that were set by said intro. The intro draws you in and gives a sense of mystery and unknowing. Your ghost talks to you and walks you through everything and explains to you that you were kinda dead and need to get to the main base or whatever. I wanted that game to be so good, but sadly it wasn't. The intro deceived me by making me think that there would be a badass and lengthy storyline. But instead I got very little answers and like 3 or 4 cinematic to explain the story. The game had so much potential and just never delivered. I haven't touched the game since a month after it came out and I have never looked back. "
"Yeah! GOW1's intro was so great because you almost forget about it by the time it comes up again. And it's generally just weird to have your protagonist try to off himself before the game's even started. Really great intro indeed.

Oh man! I totally forgot about how LOTR:TT did that! That was awesome!"
Hopefully we'll see AAA devs do what big Hollywood studios do and release smaller experimental titles on the backs of their guaranteed hits.
"i remember it getting a four out of five or 8/10 at most places.

Metacritic currently has it at 91/100 critic score 80/100 community. So it was received better than i remember."
"I have to go back a little bit but Full Throttle has an amazing opening: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PktBJ6HpNJQ
 
It really starts off with a bang, introducing the major players and oh so quotable: ""Your ears are fine, it's what's between them that scares me."""
"I feel like Far Cry 3 missed a golden opportunity for having a sweet tutorial. Why wouldn't they teach you how to ride a 4 wheeler, sky dive, even have a shooting section. It would introduce the mechanics and actually give your friends some depth because you don't even really meet our friends until you save them..."
"If I recall correctly, wasn't Portal's inclusion in the Orange Box exactly because Valve was unsure of how the game would be received? 

Actually, why don't more companies do something like The Orange Box? "
I feel like the opening is the only thing that keeps me from replaying that game.  It's just so long and drawn out.  It feels like it takes forever to get to a point where you're free to roam around.  It might be because I always sucked at the cow herding and horseback riding.
"At least Career Mode is much more reasonable now than it was in Beta. The prices for upgrading buildings are not as ridiculous and the part testing contracts are not as tedious so the early game goes by a lot faster, which is great.   
   
Still not the mode to play if you don't really know what you're doing though. I think Science mode is the best for new players, they get the progression through the tech tree and they're not overwhelmed by having every part available from the start."
Spelunky is perfect. There is no other game in recent memory that I would describe as even near perfect.
"&gt; Actually, why don't more companies do something like The Orange Box?

It's because we're lucky to have Valve.  I know they fucked up recently, but never forget."
"I'd say God of War II and III raised the bar even more to incredible levels. God of War II with the awesome battle with the Colossus from inside out. God of War III with the crazy battle with Poseidon while traversing Gaia. While God of War I and II are the best in the series imo, II and III had the better intros in terms of just sheer epic scale. "
I remember when people were fighting on the forums if you can actually achieve orbit or not because there was no map or anything that could indicate that you're indeed in orbit and in earlier versions Kerbin was actually flat and not a planet so orbit was impossible.
"There is that one video where somebody build a giant basketball... basket? (that thing where the ball is supposed to be thrown into... not American... no idea what you call that in English) and then he got himself an asteroid and placed that thing perfectly into the... basket...

It was wonderful!"
"God of War 3. Climbing up Olympus with 20 Titans ready to wreck everyone's shit. The hype was real.

Metal Gear Rising: Revengance. Giant robot drops in, tutorial teaches you that you can cut ANYTHING. Then the music comes on. 🎶RULES OF NATURE🎶

Asura's Wrath. Game opens with you literally fighting a planet. [And this is the second boss.](http://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/original/9/90134/1757737-asura_s_wrath_4.jpg)

Honorable mention goes to Gears of War. Although the series went to shit, it was the first of its kind and the feeling of desperately blindfiring into that first, seemingly unkillable group of locust that cut through the door is something I'll never forget. "
You can run the game on a modern i7 and it still needs to slow down the physics calculations in the atmosphere. Your could probably light a cigarette on your console after launching a big ship...
"I won't go back to play ME1.  Even though I liked the story, I hated that the combat was all RNG rolls under the hood, coated with a veneer of ""action"" gameplay.  I got to the point where I didn't even bother with tactics toward the end of the game, I'd just spray-n-pray, because all my shots were up to the RNG anyway, regardless of how good/bad I was at aiming."
"Same here.  It's a truly excellent game that gets panned because it wasn't something it was never even trying to be.  All of the previews and media were very clear that it wasn't Banjo-Threeie, yet that's what people still went in expecting.

If it hadn't said Banjo and Kazooie on it, it would have been a big hit."
"&gt; Take that Rare for thinking fans didn't want to collect items anymore.

This is just a dollar value, not really a ""number of copies sold"" kind of deal. Plus, it's being made with a really small team, so they can get away with this kind of campaign. If Rare released a new Banjo game, it would need to be in development for at least a couple years and it would have to be made with a much, much larger team than Playtonic if they want the size and scale to be up to par compared with other AAA games nowadays.

As of right now, the total is a bit over $1,000,000, which, divided by $60, is about 16,667 copies sold. This isn't even counting the fact that Yooka is going to be $15 as it's a low-budget indie game, something Rare couldn't really get away with now, and even if they could, people would complain that Banjo isn't being given the treatment he deserves. Of course so many people are going to pledge what *sounds* like a ton of money towards something they feel extremely nostalgic for, but comments like this really miss the fact that developing major games nowadays is extremely expensive and extremely risky. The people who played Banjo as kids or young adults are all grown up now and that was their main audience. He isn't exactly Mario or Mickey Mouse in terms of marketability, and I can guarantee you that, without an expensive McDonalds Happy Meal Toy style promotion to get him into the consciousness of kids who *also* happen to own an Xbox One of all things (the only platform they could get away with publishing it on) it's extremely unlikely that it will be profitable.

I feel like every time there's some nostalgia-fest kickstarter like this people fail to see that the only reason that these things are possible is because they're relatively small, passionate, non-popularity-focused projects that are 90% oriented at gamers who know what they're getting ahead of time, AKA, previous Banjo fans. Those people are a minority despite how vocal they seem and MS/Rare certainly know that pandering to that demographic with the resources they'd have to throw on a project like this to justify it is a bit ""out there"" in terms of potentially profitable strategies. Not impossible, but it will definitely require a LOT of planning to do as a AAA game."
"Only game that made me cry within the first 20 minutes. And I don't really know why either, it's not like we spend a lot of time getting to know Sarah or anything so logically, we wouldn't share an emotional bond with her. I guess that what makes good writing; getting you to care when you (logically) don't have a reason to do so."
"Saints Row the Third. On the whole I don't think it's better than the second game, but the first 20 minutes are absolutely phenomenal; the bank robbery, the Gat masks, the plane fight, the sky diving. It's all completely and utterly over the top, and defines the Saints Row series."
"&gt;It only took a couple of matches on the easiest difficulty to get enough credits for the most expensive pack.

That doesn't really matter if you need to buy hundreds or thousands of the most expensive packs to get what you want.

I have 663 matches played (at 12-30 minutes each) and there are still weapons and characters that I haven't unlocked.

It's definitely a grind.

That said, I agree with you that the system is fundamentally sound. I just wish they gave you more control over what items you got and it was possible to max out your manifest in a somewhat more reasonable length of time. The never-ending grind would be to unlock all of the cosmetic options."
"It was the second well-produced free-roaming FPS game made after Far Cry, with graphics, mechanics, and AI that stand up even today, 7 years after the game's release."
"Worth noting that PCG US and UK used to be more autonomous, to the point of producing separate reviews of the same games. PCG UK has never scored over 96."
"Yeah more people need to start supporting gog, if they become popular enough it would be amazing for them to start getting more AAA games from third party devs and use galaxy to rival Steam. Them toppling Steam is pretty unrealistic but I want Steam to have a rival, after the whole paid mods thing I'm not really happy with the pseudo monopoly they have on PC gaming."
"Spec Ops: the Line started out great. Starting you out with your team going in on a simple mission you are quickly pulled into a great struggle against rogue American soldiers. For those who played the game thinking that I was just another generic military shooter it's a pleasant surprise. 

Assassins Creed 2 starts out great. Having you do tasks with Ezio's family members helped the player form bonds with the characters and seeing them killed at the beginning helps give the players a sense of purpose, to find and kill the conspirators. The scene where Ezio and his brother climb to the top of a towers and his brother says ""It's a good life we have Ezio"" is one of the scenes in gaming that I'll never forget. "
"After several years of not playing, I've gotten back into playing Wii Fit (Plus) over the past week or so :) It's kind of strange to think that the last time I weighed myself four years ago in-game, I was over 50 pounds lighter than I am today. I don't intend to necessarily go back to being that thin, but I think losing 20 or 30 pounds or so would be pretty sweet. I'm already a pound or two lighter than last week :)"
"Dunno if many people felt the same way, but I loved the intro to Borderlands.  Loved the music especially that track from Cage the Elephant, loved the tone and attitude that they set up for the rest of the game.  I think it was a perfect example of a game exerting its personality from the very beginning. 

EDIT: I want to give honorable mention to Indigo Prophecy, which had a kick ass intro.  It was so good in fact, that the rest of the game just got worse and worse until you realize you'd been fooled by a good intro to a not so good game."
"&gt; And, if you’re anxious to change your appearance, the Mirror of Transformation remains in place in Xenon’s collection.

Awesome: being able to change your appearance is a missed feature from Inquisition, especially given the inexplicably very dark, practically-candlelit character creator.

I remember the Black Emporium in Dragon Age II having access to all the crafting materials and a way to change your specialization: would be nice if those made the jump as well. "
"Agreed. Uncharted 2 was one of the 2 games I got bundled with my PS3, the other being Assassin's Creed. Before opening either, I was more interested in Assassin's Creed. Played it for about 2 hours, thought ""Yeah, this game is better than almost anything on my PS2"", then put on Uncharted 2... Seeing Drake hang from the train? Hell yeah. I hardly touched Assassin's Creed after that, and was then disappointed with just about every other PS3 game I played for the next year, because Uncharted 2 was better than all of them. It just draws you in right from the start.

The Last Of Us is a better game, and also has an awesome intro, but Uncharted 2 was probably the first action oriented game that managed to draw me in with the story itself, and I believe among the top 2 or 3 most influential games of the PS3/360 generation because of the intro, the story, and the way it goes from set piece to set piece."
"You learned the controls in the section immediately after that.  First you walk around, then grab your suit, etc.  You get to see the scientists doing their daily tasks or whatever, then you see them again after the chaos ensues.  I don't know, I think it was a pretty damn good intro."
"IMO it doesn't deserve that score. I mean, it's a great game, but career mode is rather poorly thought out and lack of in-game help tools means outside tutorials are a must for even fairly basic tasks, like getting into orbit. Those are pretty significant flaws, IMO."
"Funny, I remember how I reached Mun for first time.

Somehow after so much trial and error, I finally managed to almost perfectly land. Well, rocket flipped to it's side, but rcs thrusters are there to fix that. Navigated Jeb out of pod to surface, turned on Bowie's ""Space Oddity"" and for some time was just looking at Kerbin with Jeb, like this is some massive achievement we managed together. Too proud to be weirded by making a fuss out some videogame achievement."
"@PlaytonicGames:

&gt;We meant dollars, obviously. @grantkirkhope doesn't cost \*that\* much

https://twitter.com/playtonicgames/status/594215914939101184"
"I'm not sure how I feel about that.

At one point I believe one of the developers of Banjo-Kazooie and Banjo-Tooie asked what he felt was better in Kazooie vs. Tooie. He mentioned how in Tooie, they had a lot more room to work with - they could create bigger worlds with more things to do in them, and so they did. But in creating those bigger worlds, everything ended up feeling a lot more spread out which meant the level design didn't feel as tight as it did in Kazooie. And personally, I agree with him; Tooie's level design isn't bad by any means, but it certainly does feel a bit *too* big, or rather too spread out. Compare Mumbo's Mountain to Mayahem Temple, for instance.

I think there's a middle ground between BK and BT worlds that would be perfect. If they can hit that, and give us plenty of worlds of that size, I think it'd work wonders. Alternaitvely, make sure the worlds have MUCH more to do in them. You don't want a large world with nothing to do in it.

All of that said, I am quite intrigued by this:

&gt;During their adventures Yooka and Laylee will complete challenges to unlock and collect Pagies. These golden collectibles are the main currency in the game, used not only to unlock new worlds but **expand** them too."
"**James Bond: Everything or Nothing** didn't start at a menu. Instead it just dropped you into an action packed level the first time you play. After you basically play your own Bond prelude you get treated to one of those stylized music-video-like title scenes like in a Bond movie and only THEN do you get a traditional menu!

I wouldn't say it's an ideal way to start a game and the level itself was forgettable, unfortunately, but the impromptu beginning was memorable."
"The first time I played it, I loved all of that, but yes I agree that it makes repeat play throughs a bit of a chore."
"**Final Fantasy 7**

I think Final Fantasy 7 was one of the game to get it right from the start. You have a short 2 minutes cutscene that was amazing for the era, and then you hop out of a train and straight into a fight. As soon as the fight is over, you need to keep up with your party as you infiltrate the facility. Forget the long introduction, the boring tutorial, or learning about what's going on before it happens like you do in most games. How this game starts has made an ever lasting impression on me.

See: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TD_GqlNtNjo) "
"You missed 

* Star Wars: TIE Fighter (October 1994) 

for the 96 category, probably because there's no digital source for metacritic to scrape.

Source: [I have a copy of the issue on hand](http://imgur.com/a/hHjIo)"
"I've always loved God of War's intros. They have always opened with a bang and transition really well from cut scene to action. Even Ascension, which had some problems but I think it was really underrated. "
You can't *not* provide the [video for Kerbal Space Jam.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhRNO6EZmRA)
"If anything I'd say that the story in Shadow of Mordor is by far its weakest point. I personally liked how they used the story setup in the tutorial but the story itself was pretty generic. Other than that the story was basically free some slaves by killing Orcs, do some missions for Gollum that involved killing Orcs, turn these Orcs against each other so that someone else kills Orcs for you, and then kill the guy controlling the Orcs. Of course killing Orcs was damned fun in that game so in my book it gets a pass."
"Oblivion. 

You had the prisoner in the cell opposite mocking you about your coming execution and your race, before suddenly Patrick Stewart comes in with his Blades. The way you then fight your way through the assassins in the sewers and tag along against the Blades' wishes to escape was so cool.

When [spoiler](#s ""the assassin jumps out behind your back and kills the emperor""); that was a massive 'nooooooo' moment for me. 

Then there's the moment you finally leave through the sewer gate and are confronted with [this] (https://touchsensitive.files.wordpress.com/2011/06/oblivion-2011-06-07-21-04-24-30.png). It was just amazing when I first played. Suddenly it strikes you that you have a whole beautiful world to explore."
"You care because at the start you control her. That very simple choice of letting the player move her around, seeing everything in the back seat, the unknowing of what was happening, it made that connection. "
"Condemned: Criminal Origins did an amazing job setting the tone with the opening level. Also, Mass Effect 2 had a pretty awesome intro as well. The last one that comes to mind for me is Conker's Bad Fur Day."
"*Demon's Souls*. You start out with a short voice over introducing a little bit of the world and the concept. Your character walks into some ruined castle/keep and you treated to few short introductory messages about combat/movement. As move through the ruins you encounter a few rather weak enemies that easily dispatched. You'll probably take some damage and think, 'huh, enemies do a lot of damage, but this doesn't seem too hard.' 

Then you walk through your first fog door and encounter your first real demon and think ""Oh sh..."" **YOU DIED**

Perfectly sets up the nature of the Souls games. "
"portal 2 showed off its humor from the start.

wind waker started on the best island with arguably the best music in the game."
"It's a prime example of story telling through gameplay. By controlling her you create an attachment. The little story bits work as well, like her buying a watch for her dad and joking about selling drugs, that stuff makes her a person, but you playing as her makes her real."
"I actually liked that game, and the intro really set the right tone for it - to me. What did you hate about it? I mean, a lot of people hate it. And that's okay - I just... didn't."
"Nah, too many fucking aliens to deal with.

Whenever I replay Crysis, it's right up until the zero-g section.  Then I delete, wait a year or two, then play again.

For my money, Crysis is the only FPS in the last 10 years to actually move the ball forward in any meaningful way, and ever since then it's just been stagnation and multiplayer piffle.  As soon as the big money became online, nobody wanted to do anything new or different anymore.  "
"Dead Space 2. While the first one was solid, the second one was the most terrible surprise. You think (hope) it's going to be this slow burn and then OH GOD A LIVING NIGHTMARE IN YOUR FACE RIGHT IN YOUR FACE RUN RUN RUN--"
"Interesting. That's not on the MetaCritic list which is what I used simply because it's the first thing I found with ""all"" of the ratings. It's possible their DB simply doesn't go back that far.

Editing my post."
"It also important to remember that Crysis was the first big PC fps exclusive in a while when it was released. It really showed what pc graphics/gameplay where capable of when an engine was pretty much designed for only high end pc gaming, and did not have to worry about the limitations of consoles. If I remember correctly, Crysis was actually breaking hardware. The ultimate test on PC for a long time was, ""can it run Crysis?"" The game still looks good to this day. Not,""it has aged well,"" it literally still looks better than some stuff that is released *today.*"
"[Spoiler](#s ""While the opening was great it didn't have nearly the impact that the end did for me. With what little I knew about the game going in I knew that Sarah was going to die as soon as I saw her. With Ellie though I had no clue, toward the end I really thought they were going to kill her and I really didn't want that to happen. When that opening scene was paralleled at the end both scenes hit pretty hard for me."")"
"AC3 definitely had a weak intro. It is hours long, leading up to a surprise twist that isn't really surprising at all, followed by you finally getting to play as the actual protagonist.. as a child. It perfectly sets the stage for the disappointment that is AC3. 

AC4 is fantastic as a whole, though I can't really remember if the intro was anything special."
"I kind of agree, but I felt they went just a bit too far in their efforts to streamline the game, to the effect that it ripped a bit of the soul out with the junk. I personally loved the exploration aspects in the first game with that dune buggy that had the ridiculous mountain physics. Yeah, most worlds were kind of barren and it was often tedious, but it was just such a fun concept. Instead of trying to improve on it they replaced it with a pointless planet scanning minigame."
"Prey was the best in my opinion, when you are being abducted from the bar by aliens and blue oyster cult's 'don't fear the reaper' comes on the jukebox. "
"Squad acknowledges and encourages the use of forums and wikis for gameplay and things like that; sometimes games are better when you have to interact with the community. As far as career mode goes, it's meant to be a structured challenge and its setting does so"
"If anything, space simulation games have become more and more popular over the decade.  Can't it be said that Elite: Dangerous or Star Citizen would have expected a similar outcome if we hadn't grown interest in space?"
"No, I don't think so. Ksp is a really fucking complicated game that has never had anything like it exist in the past. Ed and sc look a lot like eve, at least as far as the complicating strategic elements are concerned. "
"&gt;never had anything like it exist in the past

What about Orbiter?  Or something like Lunar Lander?  If anything, those games were as complicated then compared to now."
"Depends on your interest in physics and willingness to test theories as to whether or not you need tutorials for simple stuff.

I would say most high school physics educated people could achieve orbit or land on one of kerbin's moons, the only time you need tutorials or assistance is when you start going for interplanetary journeys which require finding phase angles and transfer windows or when you want to start calculating delta v requirements.

It starts off as a physics puzzle game and becomes a space game."
"It's important to note, and I really don't think I see this argument much, that these indie games are high risk and therefore there are plenty of turds out there too. Most AAA games (as long as they aren't complete shitshows) sell as would be generally expected of them, especially if they are sequels or otherwise well established. The profitability of a bold new indie title from somebody that is essentially unheard of is not so easily predicted and for every shining star (Super Meat Boy, Bastion, Spelunky etc) there is a whole load of drivel that isn't even worth talking about."
"This is precisely why you get people who are very upset with scores since they really are so arbitrary and ultimately meaningless. Crysis was a fun game that I played through twice, both times several years after its release. That means so much more to me than 98/100."
"I somehow managed to survive 80 hours of the game using solely PC controls, even after I tried using a controller. Plus, the last few patches have added a walk toggle, better tactical view, and auto-attack in non-tactical view, the latter of which was my only real gripe with the controls."
"Crysis, while not a great game plot-wise, is easily modded and makes for an *excellent* sandbox. Not to mention the Nanosuit is probably the most hilariously fun thing ever allowed to any FPS player, ever. So many shenanigans you can have with that thing.

For example, it's actually possible to use Speed and Strength in tandem to sprint towards a soldier, switch to Strengh at the last second, and slug him with a punch that carries all the inherited momentum from your sprint. His ragdoll will then proceed to slam through a half-dozen fences, or even tear out the wall of a building if he's standing in front of say, a small house or a shack.

EDIT: Grammar, wording."
"I did that too except I was going too fast and too close to the Mun's surface and crashed into a lunar mountain. Blew up after about an hour of maneuvering and positioning myself. 

I wasn't even mad. I just laughed my ass off because it was so unexpected "
Spec Ops: The Line pulled me in better than any other game last gen with the only possible exception being The Last Of Us.  Never had I played a game that had me trying so desperately to make things right.
"&gt; Only recently have people suddenly decided it was a 'tech demo'.

Absolutely not. I remember defending Crysis against allegations like these from day 1. 

Honestly, it's one of my favourite first person shooters of all time. The first half was better than the second half, but I found that one perfectly fine as well.

Crysis 2 wasn't particularly good, but I quite liked Crysis 3. "
"Ok, I phrased that wrong. KSP is the first game of this variety to get any significant following. You can talk about the existence of these games all you want, but the vast majority of the gaming public hasn't heard of them. Like someone else in this comment chain said ""everyone I know who plays games knows about KSP"". They probably don't know Orbiter or Lunar Lander. I sure as hell don't."
"I know a few people that play it, and they absolutely *suck* at it. The dedicated community shows you just how far you can take this game. "
"You couldn't get that high. Like, it was Kerbin sized but flat. You'd be pretty high up to see the whole plane."
Were do I upgrade buildings? I've really wanted to upgrade my launch pad but I can't find where to do it.
"&gt; Wouldn't a FoV mod give a player an advantage over non-modded players?

Low FoVs can cause some people to get sick. It's a legitimate accessibility issue that Rockstar needs to address."
"Yea, they rightfully get flak for things their AAA series are doing, but the smaller studios produce some neat games."
Right click on the building when you're in the main Space Center view. It also tells you what the upgrade does when you hover over it.
"Well yeah. Technically.

This gives you no advantage in the game, though, considering controller aim assistance is a thing and you can just look around corners in third person.
The game should give you the option to adjust the FOV slider in the first place. I shouldn't have to download a mod just so I don't get dizzy playing the game."
"You're installing .dll and .ini files into the *installation folder* of GTA V, play GTA Online with those files installed, and expect nothing to happen? I don't understand why people took that risk. It's good that Rockstar are banning people for modified files since all actual hackers are using the same method, but at the same time, you should not be banned for something like a FoV mod.

There is a FoV slider, but it shouldn't be a slider, it should be in **numbers**. The highest FoV you can get is also way too low."
"First, low FOV can cause simulation sickness.

Second, you can already look around corners and ""cheat"" with third person. So a person with a high FOV is still at a disadvantage versus a person using third person."
"Not really, at least in GTA. You can host first-person locked Deathmatches, but no one does. Third person gives way more peripheral vision and has a larger FOV than the max in-game first person FOV limit.

Your FOV will also increase if your game window is wide. So if you have 3 monitors, you'll have a massive FOV compared to anyone else. Third or first person."
"&gt; For my money, Crysis is the only FPS in the last 10 years to actually move the ball forward in any meaningful way, and ever since then it's just been stagnation and multiplayer piffle.

In my opinion, the latest Wolfenstein moved the ball forward, but really only by moving back to more classical styled shooters. "
"No, because everyone has access to a third person camera, the first person camera is literally the worst way you can play the game, you are *hurting* your advantages. "
"[This one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BC0DpPy6cro) may or may not be it, but it does have the asteroid into the hoop by the space center."
"I'm still waiting for Orange Box 2. 

That way they can do HL3, Portal 3 and TF3 without having to release a 3 game."
"Yesterday's patch (350.1) added new cheat protection.  **All injectors**, including ScriptHook cheat, are verified through memory when you connect to GTAO.  Any failed checks will result in a ban.

The FoV mod is a .dll injector and, I assume, modifies memory."
I play with a 640x480 monitor. Ban every piece of cheating trash with a clear advantage over me who uses monitors with resolutions beyond my ancient monitor.
"I just found it after doing some research into SWAT 4's development, I saw it hadn't been posed before and thought I'd share."
"Absolutely worth this score, but I know a lot of people will be disappointed when they base their purchase solely on that score. "
"I think you are overestimating the effects and advantages of a wider FOV. 
Especially with third person allowing you to look around corners."
"I really liked the very very start of Force Unleashed. When I first played it, getting to walk around as Darth Vader, just mindlessly slaughtering hundreds of wookies without even breaking a sweat, even killing your own soldiers if they got in the way.....You just felt so powerful.

It's a shame it was an ""abili-tease"" and they took all the power away from you straight after. But the time I spent been Darth Vader felt awesome the first time playing."
"oh right, ban people who want to play a game without feeling sick or having their eyes straining from bad FOV, thats the perfect attitude. "
"Crysis was one of the best shooters I had ever played up until the aliens part, after that it felt *off* but still enjoyable. I enjoyed Crysis:W, C2 and C3 but never as much as the beginning of C."
"Each level had

100 notes  
10 jiggies  
5 Jinjoes (= 1 jiggy)  
2 honeycomb pieces  
1 Grunty switch  
Mumbo tokens, red and gold feathers, eggs, 1-ups, shoes, Bottles' mole mounds  
sometimes level-specific items

And the sequel added Cheato pages and 4 new types of eggs.

There were a *lot* of collectibles. Probably more than there needed to be. I don't think it crossed the line though. The main objective was jiggies, and you'd find most of the rest incidentally while pursuing the ten jiggies. Notes were usually clumped together and arranged to guide you along the most intuitive path through the level. That left you with maybe the Grunty switch and 1-2 of the honeycomb pieces as hidden secrets to hunt down, and you could revisit the level at any time to find them. It wasn't overloaded, compared to DK64, and each type of collectible built towards some kind of tangible reward (like ammo, extra health, or level advancement) compared to the frustrating pointlessness of Assassin's Creed 1's flags or Batman: Arkham Origins' Enigma bullshit."
it shouldnt be set by the game. fov is determined bu the size of your monitor and your distance from it. there is only one correct setting. anything else can cause sickness and other problems.
"It may be an odd choice, but I love the intro to the Witcher 2.

That and the ""welcome to flotsam"" bits really set the theme of the game."
"&gt;  up until the aliens part, after that it felt off but still enjoyable. 

This is why I am surprised at the 98.  That means the game was almost perfect.  It was great, but not *that* great.  Anyways, numerical scores for entertainment media are ultimately arbitrary and meaningless."
"&gt; the weapon upgrade system, which seems old hat now, was great,

Not so much ""upgrades"" as on-the-fly customization, which kicked ass.  Meshed very well with how flexible the nano-suit was if you were fast enough."
"in my opinion, that's like saying we should ban glasses / sunglasses from cricket and other sports because they allow you to see more"
"I like how it started in Blackwater, with steamships and cars and modern buildings, then ship you out to Armadillo, a true wild-west town, showing you the state of America and how the modern world is encroaching and the west is starting to die, which is an overall theme of the game."
"In fairness the last 8 years have seen a massive increase in PC gaming where as before you did have somewhat console dominance.

Especially the PS2 era.

From 1992-2000 you had 6 titles.

From 2006-2014 you had 4 games.

So they got more selective not less.

You can disagree with them based on their choices but not based on the number.

And if you disagree based on the individual choices then all scoring is equally as arbitrary and worthless as they represent something unquantifiable, someone opinion. "
"my mom always comes and gets in the way of the screen and tells me to do my homework, all players without annoying bitch mommas are cheaters and should be banned"
"At that point I'm pretty sure it assumed you were gonna be mashing every button on the keyboard or just flinging yourself around the rail cart since it was in the quake 2 engine.

I don't understand why it needs to teach you the controls."
I've played the game for over 500 hours and I completely agree.  It's a fantastic game but it still has massive amounts of room for improvement.
"You can't play the game at 180 deg. It looks fucking insane.

having 15 deg left and right over other people isn't a big deal when if you're good you should be checking corners, fast, anyways

Who cares if you're ""changing the actual game"" if the game gives you a goddamn headache?"
I think the problem is the way people are adjusting the FoV. I believe rockstar said themselves graphical mods such as FoV mods won't result in a ban. But it sounds like what people are doing isn't exactly modding but using some sort of cheat tool which gets detected and results in a ban.
"Nobody mentions Max Payne ?

""They were all dead. The final gunshot was an exclamation mark on everything that had led to this point. I released my finger from the trigger, and it was over.""

Everything from that point to where you find your daughter &amp; wife dead, even if a little cliche I found that intro to be great"
"I actually think that was genius. I played FFVII when I was pretty young and it was my first Final Fantasy. I thought Midgar *was* the setting. You go through this great intro, see some of the slums, and infiltrate Shinra HQ. Then after a surprising turn of events, you're leaving Midgar and the whole world opens up. "
"I agree wholeheartedly. The entire Midgar sequence is by far the most consistently compelling portion of the game, and the game is great.

The action is there and there are tons of unexpected and very exciting twists and turns: Cloud's daring train escape after the Mako Reactor bombing, the change of plans caused by the lockdown of the train on the way to the second reactor, Cloud losing his grip and falling down into the church, etc. Also, the player should spend so little time on each screen filled with unique enemies that they are just as likely to miss seeing an enemy as they are to have an identical enemy encounter re-occur.

The story is there, the main one being an unorthodox tale of literally being a terrorist and having to deal with the negative consequences your actions have on innocent people to fight for ideals of a greater good. This is mainly explored through Barrett's dialogue and those of minor NPCs throughout Midgar, especially after the plate collapse, as well as the ones in Kalm right after the motorcycle escape.)

More lighthearted or humorous segments are sprinkled in, mainly in the form of Barrett's passionate idealistic personality clashing with Cloud's cool collected style, as well as the entire Wall Market and crossdressing infiltration of Don Corneo's mansion.

For these reasons and more FFVII is always my first recommendation for anyone new to the series. If they get through Midgar and aren't enjoying themselves, then chances are no other entry in the series would have satisfied them either. Worst case scenario they can talk about what they did and didn't like about the experience and then I can choose a more appropriate game."
"I'm seeing a lot that I agree with, but the opening of Arkham City definitely deserves a mention. Opening with Strange interrogating you, then kicking ass as Bruce in the prison yard and handing it to the penguin, and finally suiting up, only to unlock the achievement ""I'm Batman!"" That was a good one."
"to often games are reviewed in part, see black and white 2 having so many of its stellar reviews lowered once reviewers found out the review copy was the entire game"
"Yet another game that expects you to just deal with a low FoV, especially in first person mode.

Rockstar, people get motion sickness from low FoV, even in third person. Screw balance there needs to be a way to raise your FoV to a reasonable level.

I don't think any developer would like to know their game is making people physically sick from playing it (and not from the story or characters)."
"I think that's a little harsh too. It's an FOV mod, for god's sake. People shouldn't have to be lumped with cheaters for the crime of reducing motion sickness."
"PC players asked audibly from the console release for higher FOV, R* didn't reply, and because PC players are PC players they fixed the issue themselves. I too suffer from simulation sickness and we wanted to do heists first person. So we did, but I had the mod running. A 2 week ban issued.  Not happy at rockstars decision.   
Also a lot of people got banned for using the script hook, aka SP modding. Remember that video/gif of a cat driving a motorbike? Banned. "
"You might want to notify Valve, or the makers of just about every competitive FPS game then, because they all have very robust built in FOV options."
"I think for the vast majority of players KSP is the ""Kerbin, Mun, and Minmus"" game - I doubt most of the players have ever left Kerbin SOI.

You can go to the Mun with a bit of reading and some practice, but leaving the home planet entirely takes a level of dedication and planning that I doubt most players have."
"I disagree, Crysis is one of the most fun FPS games I've ever played.

I was crushingly disappointed with Crysis 2/3 where it became extremely obvious that they had no idea what made Crysis 1 fun, and decided to remove almost *all* of the fun parts of it.

Crysis 1 was an excellent game that definitely deserves to be on that list."
"**Metroid Prime**, that space station was an excellent introductory level. Losing all of your powers to only gain them back bit-by-bit was pretty neat too."
"Anti-cheat software doesn't discriminate based on the function of the mod or the intentions of the player. It sees that you are modifying the game and it bans you. You could be doing something as innocent as making the clouds pink for what it's worth, you're still asking for a ban."
"It always seems so crazy to me how people who loved the old Banjo games could watch the clearly ribbing and jokey intro of Nuts and Bolts and just get outraged by it.  

At that point the last Rare developed platformer was DK64 which plenty of people criticized for having WAY too many collectables.  It's hilarious that the game opens up with a ridiculously long string of collectables pretending they're just moving forward with where they were in the past.  

It's really brilliant.  They make the joke of just doing the same thing again but bigger, then flip the switch and let you know ""No, we were kidding.  We're actually bringing something completely original and unique to the table.""  "
"If Dead Island was just the beach expanded out it would have been an awesome game.  The city is pretty good with some lame parts, the sewers are totally unfun and the jungle is totally rotten.  

The game starts so strong and does just get worse and worse. "
"&gt;Remember that video/gif of a cat driving a motorbike? Banned.

Banned from GTA Online only though as I understood it"
"Yes, for using SP mods. You know, the thing they mentioned was okay?   
The game shipped with no anti cheat what so ever"
"I was going to say this exactly. It was innovative in that it returned to the roots of FPS classics with a witty story, creative weapons, and genuinely interesting main character."
I just want to note that the first time I fought the aliens I was genuinely AFRAID of them. I can't remember the last time I was afraid to confront an enemy outside of dark souls. I'm an FPS vet- I don't choose anything other than the hardest difficulty- and I was afraid of those aliens at first. They did a great job building them up.
"I really like the original Halo's intro. It shows you that you're the underdogs, forces you off the ship and into an unknown world, works in the tutorial with calibration stuff, and it lets you get to know the Pillar of Autumn a bit, which makes it all the more striking when you get to fight through the wreck at the end of the game. "
I can get as far as landing on Duna but not getting back. Or the orbiting around the outer planets... and not getting back. 
"Dude, Sonic Adventure 2 had a kickass opening. Sonic bails from the chopper and starts street snowboarding. And the nostalgic music! ""Follow me, set me free..."" The game itself hasn't aged too greatly, but back then, anyone would feel so badass in the moment. "
"Did people get banned for having them enabled outside of GTA Online?

As I understand it, some people may just have forgotten to unload the injector and restart the game before going into GTA Online."
"My experiences with Inquisition multiplayer have been just awful.  Extraordinarily long wait times for matchmaking, bad server stability, terrible community, and all for honestly not that much fun, especially if even one member of your team isn't pulling their weight.  Doesn't even seem like something worth investing in (and that's coming from someone who played Mass Effect 3 multi-player quite a lot)."
"Title of this thread should be renamed, it's not the FOV mod itself that's getting you banned, it's all .dll injectors

Also, people should have some serious common sense when it comes to injectors. Use them only if they've been confirmed to not get you banned, and even then with extreme caution."
"Wolfenstein: The New Order was a very solid shooter. In my opinion, though, the gameplay  got dull pretty quickly. Honestly, I found myself just slogging through each encounter, waiting for the next collectible to flesh out the backstory or proceed to the next cutscene. What I really enjoyed, though, was seeing BJ do his best to *be* that emotionless Terminator type character, when he's really just an incredibly damaged man trying not to fall apart at the seams. And as unoriginal as the plot may be, the characters are very well written."
"I'm likely the only person in the world that will say this, but Skyrim.

There's a lot of hate for Skyrim's intro, even in this thread, but I absolutely adore it. Yes, from a ""hack-and-slash everything that moves"" perspective, it's boring as all hell. There's no interaction besides looking around.

Yet I found the whole cinematic extremely well done. It sets Skyrim as a cold and harsh land, in more than just the climate, in the first 30 seconds. It's short and to the point: You're in the character creation screen within a couple minutes. It introduces the primary conflict of the setting (Imperial vs. Stormcloak) well without forcing it on you.

At the very least, it's a massive step up from Oblivion's, or even Morrowind's (Morrowind's intro is not bad at all, though. I'm not a fan of the game, but I'll admit it that part of it was very well done.)"
"It wasn't a mod. It was a DLL injector that modded the game. The DLL injector is what the anti-cheat detects, not the modifications made to the game. And with a DLL injector,t hey can inject a whole lot more. Good riddance, and good buy, cheaters can get fucked."
"90% of my time on that game was spent making cool rockets and seeing if they could take off. 

Even then, it was more memorable than most games I played last year. "
"People with triple monitors have a [very wide FOV (110+ degrees)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUJ66CPkXZE), without using and hacks or mods or whatever. The game naturally supports a wider FOV they just don't let everyone use it. The slider should go from 50 to 100 FOV at least, instead of the 50-80 we get now."
No reports of SP mods causing GTAO bans yet.  Quite the opposite so far.  Those players have been saying they *did not* get banned.
"Damnit. I love the first person mode, but I absolutely cannot play it without 100 FOV. Thanks for not letting me enjoy the first person mode, Rockstar."
"the problem arises from the fact that people can use graphics altering mods to cheat (eg making enemies stand out more than they should) and there's really no way to tell what people are doing with graphics injectors

hopefully they just admit that they messed up and add a larger fov selection ingame"
"&gt;Then that's clearly an issue with the ~~anti-cheat software~~ game that needs fixing

FTFY, the anticheat is fine, rockstar should be putting this stuff in as a baseline for the whole game.

"
"Any word on Flawless Widescreen? I read it uses a memory hack rather than an injector. That said, it's probably best to err on the side of caution for now with any on-line stuff."
"Another reason, from personal experience. Unless you get on their case about it, a lot of developers' commit logs can end up looking like this:

* Fixed that fucking problem with shoes
* Reversed Eddie's mistake from the 4th (Bad Ed. Bad!)
* Some script tweaks
* First version of engfile_doot.scr
* You can now do that thing the boss was asking for
* Anyone wanna head off to the pub after work today?

Probably less likely from AAA studios, I would guess, but still a possibility. Probably less of an issue with a proper ticketing system, too.

[EDIT]: More examples here: http://www.commitlogsfromlastnight.com/"
"Bad scores doesn't mean a terrible pointing system is better. The problem is the reviewer, not the scoring system."
"What bothers me more is that there was a statement from Rockstar support that FOV mods and cosmetic mods *wouldn't* result in a ban, but here it is, people getting banned for it. You can't blame these people being banned if they were lied to."
"It's not odd. Rockstar probably can't tell what a particular injection is doing, weather it be FOV or actual cheats, just that some injection is occurring. Thus a ban"
"&gt; Use them only if they've been confirmed to not get you banned

They were. There was no anti-cheat in the released game, it came with the most recent patch. R* didn't exactly make a lot of fanfare about it so people had no idea they'd suddenly get banned for something they'd been using for weeks, that frankly should've been included in the released game..."
"Technically, there is no difference between how the FOV mod and cheats work. They inject code through a DLL to modify the behavior of the game engine."
"If they want to ban mods then i guess that's their call, but then they can provide a method for altering FOV they do approve of."
"Maybe their new stuff....

The legacy code? They had to hire people to trace out and figure out what some of that shit did. I still don't think they know where the coding for billboards are....."
"the first half of Indigo Prophecy was really good. Paranormal mystery/crime drama. then like a tv series that knows it's getting canceled, it went batshit crazy towards the end."
I don't own gtav but I agree with this too. This is just a small change that helps some people. Also changing fov is a pretty common thing in lots of games.
"I just got done watching a livestream with Totalbiscuit, Crendor, Dodger, and Strippen. They played Epic Spell Wars and had a blast, though at times they were definitely fighting a bit with the tabletop when they'd accidentally flip things or shove other things off of the table.

You're going to have a rough time playing complicated games in Tabletop Sim, but it works well for simpler things like poker or Munchkin. If you and some friends want to play some board or card games and can't physically meet up, it's probably the best solution at the moment."
"I can't even a little bit agree that there was fun in the planet exploration. The only part of that that was even a little engaging was the fight against the sand...worm... thing.

The reason is that there wasn't really anything to explore. All of the planets were cookie-cutter Himalayas with a different color pallet. The mountain physics made driving between points of interest the most tedious thing I've ever done in any game ever. Sometimes you had to just pray you found the one spot that wasn't too steep. Then, when you get there, it's either a raid on the same cookie-cutter one-room base with boxes arranged differently, or you hop out of your vehicle and hit A to collect a token. That's it. Shooting enemies while in the vehicle was a matter of strafing 5ft back and forth while sniping with the cannon and waiting for it to recharge.

Hate is a strong word. I *hated* the Mako."
"All achievements on that game feel so fantastic. It took me hours upon hours to ever reach the Mun, as I didn't realise that the game had an in game maneuver tool. I just eye balled it at first, attempting over and over, then I pulled out my high school mathematics, filled up tons of sheets with calculations, relearning all that old shit. Finally I hit the Mun.... At a speed of about 600 m/s.... And yet I was still happy about that. After that I finally learnt how to use the maneuver tools, use rcs thrusters properly to land. 

Even the other day, I spent hours learning how to dock in orbit. And then I somehow succeded four times in a row building my first space station with refuelling docks and everything. And even then, I managed to hit it with a rocket, going up on a completely different mission, I mean, what are the chances of randomly hitting a space station which is orbiting at 100km?

And even then, the game is satisfying as hell."
"I dunno, the AI in World at War was [really good at throwing grenades](http://nerdburglars.net/images/gallery/2013/04/world-at-war-grenade-spam.jpg)^( fuck Blowtorch and Corkscrew)

But in seriousness, there are very few enemies that I'm actually afraid to face, particularly in FPS.  I can think of Juggernauts from MW2 and that's about it.  I should get Crysis."
"Freespace 2? It came out in 1999, has tight controls and fantastic flying in a very well-done and varied campaign. And the Open Freespace Open Project has lengthened the game's lifespan dramatically with the development of new campaigns, the addition of new ships or new sci fi universes to fly in (Diaspora for Battlestar Galactica, even a few Star Wars campaigns out there).

So I wouldn't say space sims have been stuck as a desert for the past 20 years. You've also got Elite and Star Citizen as the latest space sims, with X2, X3, and X-Rebirth coming out before them."
"As much (deserved) dislike gets thrown at it, Fallout 3's opening from growing up in the authoritarian and constricted vault to then stepping out of that cave into the open wasteland was amazing from an artistic point of view and really got that point across that you can go everywhere and do anything. Every Bethesda game tries to redo this same opening from the constricted boat to leaving the census office in seyda neen and the burning walls of helgen to leaving that cave in Skyrim but Fallout 3 did it best."
"My favourite thing about Naughty Dog is how Neill Druckman fought tooth and nail to get Ellie on the Last of Us cover art. The publishers and marketing department wanted her removed and he just said ""no"". They seem like a studio that really cares about their games and the experience of their customers. Long live Naughty Dog."
SR4 in my opinion is superior only because I did not even see Aerosmith playing from anywhere. So off guard but incredible. Really set the tone for that game (As if you didnt know what you were getting into)
"Exactly, and considering how wide the FOV gets when you switch to 3rd person and how you can even look around corners that way, I doubt changing the FOV in first-person is going to give anyone a huge unfair advantage."
"Portal 2 has the most genius way of teaching you the controls.

""Just say apple!""

&lt;Press space to say ""Apple""&gt;

\*Presses space\*

\*Jumps\*

""Alright, so what you're doing there is jumping..."""
"Definitely Metal Gear Solid.  The way they merged the credits, music, cutscenes, and tutorial gameplay over the first 15 minutes was remarkable.  "
"And the most important part of all; a nonstop loop of the Imperial March. 

When I saw Vader for the first time, its all I wanted and its what I got. 


Plus, there was an achievement for slaughtering 300 wookies (And if you played the level like normal, you kill like fifty) so the game rewards you for hanging around and cutting up Chewbaccas. 

I wish more games, both Star Wars and in general, let you play as the bad guys. "
"Resources, aerodynamics, more parts, improved career mode, and more were all added in 1.0. Additionally, all planets have biomes now."
"I think it's sad people actually agree with the bannings, *because of* higher FOV giving a competitive advantage.

As if Grand Theft Auto is Counter Strike.

People can enjoy games how they want, but to treat this game like it has a competitive nature is pushing it. When you start supporting bannings for increasing FOV though? Nuh-uh fuck that. That's just cramming your own competitive nature down people's throats that want to enjoy the game how they want and are hardly affecting anyone else's enjoyment (unless you have a stick up your ass)."
"Dark Souls was a great subversion, too. Apart from having an opening cinematic that actually matters, it has an ""unwinnable first battle"" just like Demon's Souls... except this time, you're expected to win.

Demon's Souls veterans came in like ""okay I see what's going in here, I have to lose for the story to progress..."" but then the game is like ""no, bitch!""

Also letting you play with the character creator for like 30 minutes and then starting you in hollow (ugly/rotted) form was kind of a sneaky troll."
"Which doesn't really mean anything. They've already got a booth because they're a big publisher. In case you've forgotten, Elder Scrolls Online is an RPG on PC/PS4/XB1. Furthermore, it will be launching on PS4/XB1 the week prior to E3 2015. It will help the launch week marketing if they can show it off at E3, rather than simply allowing the tradeshow to completely overshadow it.

Exhibiting an RPG doesn't mean they're announcing an RPG. Valve goes to shows to exhibit a ""strategy"" or an ""Action"" game all the time. Spoiler: it is never anything new it is just DOTA2 or CS:GO for the 12th time."
"I don't know why people thought Rockstar would allow mods in GTA Online. They want you to play it as it is, with the slow grind to incentivise purchasing their shark cards. No mods will ever be allowed, even if you're in a private lobby with friends."
"To me it seemed like the a kind of love letter to half life 2. It had all these great characters, the weapon progression, the ""one unlikely hero"", and the basic premise of ""hero out of time returns to world newly dominated by the forces he was once fighting, works to defeat them through ragtag rebellion"".

And that similarity made it an awesome game."
"Using mods, even with all the collaboration that goes on currently, is an incredibly sensitive process. A single mod can causes crashes, strange in-game behaviour or poor performance. There is no way I will buy mods when you cannot tell if they will work with the other mods you have and no QA is done by those selling them. 

Modders would have to give up their day jobs just to answer to a never ending list of unhappy customers. Even now, some users at the Nexus can be incredibly entitled, demanding and rude over a free product. Imagine if people were paying for these things...

"
"I thought Crysis was possibly one of the best games I've EVER played. 

The storytelling was REALLY REALLY well done. I never did play the second and third.....but man I wanted a continuation of the first.

That was such an epic game."
"I'm very frustrated with introductions to games because they NEVER get to the point like *A Link to the Past* does. There's always slow cutscenes and long tutorials that just assume that I'm gonna stick around for them. The uncomfortable truth that creators have to face is that from the second the game loads, you have like five minutes at the max to truly grab the player's attention if you want them to be at full attention for the rest. And I don't mean big setpieces, I mean making the player curious to see what happens next and building from that natural momentum to escalate the experience. 

And *A Link to the Past* is among my favorite examples of a good introduction (if you ignore the long backstory cutscene.) You're left alone in your cottage when your uncle goes off somewhere, and then Princess Zelda's mysterious voice compells you to leave and find her. Now you're outside in the rain and strange guards are blocking your path. You discover an entrance in the sewers under the Castle where your Uncle is dying and gives you his sword. Once you escape the sewers you're climbing towers and fighting guards while looking for a Princess while avenging your deceased Uncle. 

The game starts with that initial compulsion to go out in the world and explore, and naturally escalates until you discover you're now a true hero. It's intense, satisfying, and emotional. *A Link to the Past*'s story is simpler than most modern games, but it's told with such a stronger sense of pacing so it leaves a bigger impact. "
"&gt;The first half of the maps were also excellently designed, giving you multiple avenues to complete your objectives while giving the player an excellent sense of freedom.

&gt;...

&gt;Unfortunately, I felt like it pretty much threw that all away come the second half of the game where the aliens show up

This sounds very much like the first Far Cry, just replace aliens with mutants."
"Bethesda Softworks is the publishing arm of Zenimax. Everything made by a Zenimax studio is published by Bethesda.

Bethesda Softworks doesn't book separate booths for the different studios it publishes. So regardless whether the game was made by *Bethesda game studios* (makers of Skyrim) or Zenimax Online Studio (makers of ESO) it will still be at the **Bethesda** booth."
"I just started playing The Witcher 2 again in preparation for Wild Hunt. Now, the tutorial/arena thing aside I just love how that game starts. Waking with Triss and then going through the battle camp, the ensuing battle and the death of the king. It's very well paced, it is written superbly, teaches you the gameplay fundamentals and sets the stage for the game."
"I know right, talk about corrupt gaming journalism! I mean, Half Life only remodeled how every mainstream FPS game would play after it released, and then Half Life 2 flipped the genre on it's head again. I really can't imagine that there would be two amazing Star Wars games either, there's only been like 100 of them that weren't. As for Civilization, I expect far more than 1,000 hours out of my games."
"Yep, it set up the atmosphere of the game. I liked the one in Asylum too. Origins was missing an intro like this."
"Seriously. There are some mods that make it still look top 1%.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmY20r4x07k

"
"It isn't about the FoV mod, it's about the use of .dll injectors.  .dll injectors can do a hell of a lot more than ramp up your fov, they're commonly used for cheat programs and these types of mods are explicitly banned, regardless of what the user is doing with them.  "
"It isn't the mod, it's the use of .dll injectors.  They're definitely going to ban them, as they can be used for a hell of a lot more than fov mods and it's much harder to detect what someone is actually doing with it.  "
"The problem is most cheats do mod memory through injection, really almost all do. How could rockstar differentiate between a legit modification and a cheating tool? They can't, which is why you have this limitation"
The best-known case of legacy code is the POS code. CCP had a single developer write all of the POS code in 2004-2005 who then left the company without commenting any of his code. CCP has mentioned scenarios where someone tried to adjust a simple part of the POS code and created an issue where undocking was impossible.
Isn't it just better to get a computer science degree and self study game design? In the video itself they were looking for people with strong technical backgrounds with possibly computer science degrees. I know a lot of people doing a CS program and have made their own games or study game design themselves. Game design degree or program sounds like a risky and frivolous degree for the most part.
"And nobody dares go off code comments:

Reverted from new doThings() method to original REPLACE_THIS_LATER_CAUSE_ITS_HACKY_AS_FUCK() because at least that worked."
"Given that totally different studios are working on these games, I don't know why your heart would have to be broken if Dishonored 2 was announced and a new TES wasn't.  Whatever Arkane is doing is independent of Bethesda, they're just publishing it."
They said [this](http://i.imgur.com/PKxUFtT.png) in response to someone asking if they would be banned for using an FOV mod.
"The cool thing about MGS was the optional intro of sorts - not that anybody paid attention to it. You could paw through the menus and listen to like half an hour of expanded briefing and background information, not to mention reading the summaries of Metal Gear 1 and 2. I didn't bother on my original playthrough, but when I went back to the game I really appreciated the level of depth.

Metal Gear Solid 2 upped the ante with two optional in-game novels, but that might have been a bit much."
"Shadowrun Dragonfall. There is no such thing as a milk run, be pretty damn sure about it.
Also, Fallout 1 and 2. War. You know the rest."
"While I don't quite remember the intro sequence for Bioshock 2, the first Bioshock and Infinite will stay with me for a long time. Something so important to the tone of the story that the team nailed each time was the confusion of your character. The common thread between the characters in the series is that they're all just thrown right into the fray. All of them are flustered and they don't know what's going on, but the way they introduce the cities in both games really just takes yours and your character's breath away. Bioshock 1's opening was generally better, but with the way Infinite looked, that reveal in the rocket sent shivers all over me. Everything was great, right down to the ""Hallelujah""."
"It definitely had an impact on me. It let the atmosphere of the city and that vague ""this isn't right"" feeling wash over you as it crescendos at the raffle. That atmosphere is not as strong as a ruined city filled with strange things and an obvious history, but it is close enough. 

The original Bioshock is my favorite game of all time, and Infinite gets nowhere near close to it, but it does do a lot of things right (mainly getting that Bioshocky feel going from the start to finish)."
"'Good' is a relative term. It entirely depends on what you want in a game.  A great painting is 'good' but if you're not into art, you'll find it boring. So before you go and buy it, watch any of the many youtube videos or twitch streams about the game that are out there and make your own opinion."
What am I making up? Are there any credible reports of people using mods only in singleplayer and getting banned?
"*Patch game to prevent .DLL injections, blocking a large amount of hacks and cheats, but also unfortunately blocking FoV changes that work through injections. 

Not scumbag Rockstar. Unless you want to suggest that attempting to prevent cheats and hacks in GTA:O is scumbaggy? "
"Figure I'll chime in here as something of a superuser for the game. There are pretty strong host options to make public multiplayer games fully viable, such as only allowing the host to set players to a color. This means that anyone joining can't modify the table in any way and are purely a spectator. You can also turn off basically anything for non-admin players. There are constantly public games of Red Dragon Inn and Betrayal at House on the Hill (recently some Lords of Waterdeep as well).

TB's streams aren't a great example of what can be done with TTS, they haven't acquired the level of mastery possible in the system. It is generally slower to play using, but it isn't the fight some people say it is and is constantly improving as well. You do need to be willing to learn functions though. For example with this update you can drop a single item from holding a group with your cursor for easier distribution. One other newer feature not many people utilize is the G key, which will bring together and cleanly stack every stackable object you have selected.

If you don't have friends who are interested in Tabletop, or just want to join a group that often plays more advanced games, I'll give a quick plug for a group I moderate, [Tabletop Simulator Club](http://steamcommunity.com/groups/TabletopSimulatorClub) which hosts events and runs a mumble server dedicated to playing board and card games."
"I disagree. The cost of QA for a paid-mods workshop would waaaaaay outweigh any potential profits, because of this, QA is just completely ignored. I think that this major problem means that mods are an inherently unsuitable thing to monetise for a big game like Fallout or TES.

I don't know if you saw the post where a player added all the mods that were available on the Skyrim paid-workshop but his game was a complete mess. He was an overpowered, one-shotting monster wearing armour that didn't fit him properly because he happened to have a female character, and was walking around in a world that had weird issues caused by mods interacting with each other in unexpected ways.

"
"I think Stephen Merchant was the perfect voice for him.

I don't know why, but his British is just that right amount where he can sound demeaning, sarcastic and nice all at once."
"&gt; And the FOV in vehicles can be popped out by sliding the camera back further.

\*ugh*

I pray for the day when people finally get it into their head that zooming out ≠ increasing FoV."
"I'd put it this way: getting into 90/100 territory is about delivering a polished game and a great experience, but breaking 95/100 is no longer about polish, it's about breaking the mold and changing gaming. If you look at the other games in the list, they're not remembered because they were perfect, they're remembered because they revolutionized the genre and did something so new we're still trying to recapture their magic today.

I'd say KSP has earned that distinction."
"I'm pretty sure you mean Kerbin. There's also Kerbol, but that's not a planet so I think you mean Kerbin.

""Kerbal-sized"" is rather small. You could fit 3 of them in a space capsule."
"The top end of the slider is about the minimum acceptable amount, it needs to be much higher. 100 degrees horizontal is good."
That's the crazy thing about it! A recent change to a characters basic attacks on league of legends broke one of a completely different character's signature abilities. Programming is weird sometimes.
"They've used the RPG or generic ""Action Adventure"" tag for the last few shows where they've had no RPGs to announce and just ESO."
The only enemy I ever genuinely feared was the Rancor in Jedi Academy. That thing was scary and nearly invulnerable and then there's a level with one thats 10 times the size :(
I thought it was a bit 'That escalated quickly'. We start with Bruce giving a speech to quickly being arrested to being thrown into Arkham to suiting up.
"Prey's introduction was brilliant.

The first few levels, where Tommy encounters distorted physics and reacts accordingly are some of the best in gaming. Shame they couldn't keep it up."
"Why did the marketing department want her removed? I haven't played the game (only own a PC), but wasn't she the joint-main character? Why would you want to remove the main char from the cover? "
I disagree - the 'Hazard Course' section is supposed to be played first and does a great job of teaching you the basics while making it fun. That frees up the intro to focus on other things.
"I thought Ezio was a tool for the first 20 minutes of the game, and then you/he sees his little brother Petruccio hung and I *lost my shit*. I killed everyone I could on those first missions for payback."
"your first statement is pretty much correct.

 By the time the Persistant Universe rolls around Ships will be balanced for what you buy in-game (weapons, armor, scanners, etc), not out.

 They'll be taken off the website store, but you can still purchase a limited amount of in-game money per month.

 From what I've seen the community their is pretty accepting of this (as am I), and if something isn't satisfactory, the community will voice it. if there is one thing CIG does right is listen."
"It could be resolved incredibly easily by them putting a FOV slider in that works for multiplayer, has a number on it that tells you the horizontal or vertical FOV, and lets you change the FOV to a higher number than anyone could possibly ever want. Really, that's all we want and I'm sure that they have the manpower to put it in."
"This is almost a weekly discussion of the same deal btw.

You've been able to pledge for the ships since the beginning and since that beginning it's been stated that you can earn these ships ingame with ingame-credits and most of them in a reasonable time.

The plan is to handle this with a rock-paper-scissors approach. Bigger ships like Corvettes or similar require a lot of people or NPC to maintain. They need credits to upkeep systems, credits to pay the crew etc. Since you actually need to operate these ships and not just click to make something happen on the bigger ships.

For those bigger ships the paper for their rock is bomber-class ships with anticapital-torpedoes and for those bombers there are fighter-class ships etc etc.  What's more important is how you outfit your ship for the task.

I have pledged for the game quite a bit. I have never expected to gain any advantage over a person that buys the game at 60 dollars. I pledged because I want this game to be made. It's also something that's been stated from the beginning.

I'm more interested in the fighter-portion of the game as escort rather than capital-ships, traders, bombers etc. Those do not fit my playstyle at all."
"Then should someone like me who has a wider resolution be banned because it ""unlevels the playing field""? Not only that but GTA isn't really the most competitive of games."
"You're thinking that people buy these ships to get an advantage from day 1 of the launch of Star Citizen, but that simply isn't true. Yes, there is a vocal minority that thinks it's entitled to something because they spent 300 dolars on a spaceship, but the thruth is, and it has been asserted a million times by now by all the devs and the community as a whole, that with these 300 dollars that you just spent, you're doing basically 1 thing only -&gt; funding a game that you'd like to see become a reality.

Take for example this ship: 
https://robertsspaceindustries.com/pledge/ships/rsi-constellation/Constellation-Aquila#buying-options

Chris Roberts has said that it would require 60 hours of gameplay time to get this ship in game. So the dude that spent 390 dollars has about 60 hours of gameplay advantage at start, which is minimal in the long term. The ship cash shop is going out of business when the game launches. 

The famed 5k dollar ship - https://robertsspaceindustries.com/pledge/ships/aegis-javelin/Javelin-Class-Destroyer. The Javelin.

If you scroll down to the spec pages you'll see that it has 0 weapons installed. So you won't be able to use it for combat AT ALL from launch. You'll have to grind for outfitting it for at least a week (I'm speculating).

Of course, people that funded the game are entitled to something special - like having a gaming experience much different of that of other people (because they start with a completely different starter ship), but they're not going to magically ""WIN"" Star Citizen, because they bought some ships. Also, you can't even fly the bigger ships solo, you'll have to hire player to help you out (unless you want to play like a lone wolf and hire NPC's, but let's face it - where's the fun in that ?)


Now let's talk the rather untouched by everyone theme about alliances and player fleets in SC. I personally think that because there will be big ships from the beggining of the game, it would be a fucking blast to play the game the first month or so. Imagine every corp/fleet/alliance frantically trying to get hold of any existing asset in the game with every ship they have, with no idea of what a Javelin is actually capable in large-scale fights.

In conclusion: If you take the time to read the articles in the site (that's where all my sources come from, but I'm not inclined to search for each and every article, since there is a search option in the site), you'll understand why the ""pay-to-win"" argument is not only flawed, it's basically void of any meaning.
"
"ehh I'd say no, as someone who dropped 30$ on it and can only fly my little shit can aurrora or whatever its called I've thrashed some people in far more ""expensive"" ships in arena.  I think after about a month.... probably of play people will probably have the same ships as the early adopters. "
"To everyone saying that higher FoV is cheating- You do realize that the game is default 3rd person, right? You can see anywhere around you with an option included in the game. Giving 1st person players a chance to not throw up wouldn't be considered cheating."
"The in-game FOV slider is a joke, it seems to max out at around 80. I feel a proper FOV slider should at the very least max out at 90 and personally I'm used to playing at 100-120, depending on the game."
"I can't believe they didn't have dll injectors detection before release, isn't that just basic anticheat? Are rockstar really that cheap/blind/Don't care? "
"I actually considered the game based on the cover art and then eventually bought the game.

I thought, ""Oh cool, a game with a story"" when I saw Ellie and Joel.  I knew they weren't a romantic couple based on their age difference so I was intrigued to figure out their story."
"So your argument is that since you personally consider 100 FoV to be too high, everyone else should feel the same?

I've been playing FPS games with a 100-120 FoV on a single 24"" 16:9 monitor for close to a decade now. I can handle 90 FoV for single player FPS games, but anything below that is intolerable. And it's not intolerable because I get motion sick, like a lot of people do, but rather because it feels like my in-game character is wearing [blinders](http://i.imgur.com/JQbCtfG.jpg)."
"Kngihts of the Old Republic II. Peragus.

A lot of people hated it, and I can kinda understand, but to me it set the tone for the game perfectly. It wasn't a straightforward blast-everything-highlighted-red sequence like the Endar Spire, it wasn't a traditional RPG heroic beginning like Taris. Your goal was clear - getting off the station - but how? You couldn't trust any of the other people there, not exactly - a prisoner, a cryptic old woman, and a distressingly friendly successor to HK-47. There was still T3-M4, but that means the only one you could trust is one you can't actually *understand*. And returning to that goal, it wasn't a hero goal. You weren't out to rescue someone else, you were saving your own hide.

It just set the mood perfectly. The answers weren't going to be given to you. People would lie. Figure it out.

I liked KotOR, but the tone of the sequel just clicked better for me. I played it straight through several times, even with it freezing several times on the Xbox."
You only get banned if you connect to Online with the mods active. Playing SP will not get you banned. 
"It goes to 80, aka looking through a paper tube fov. And it only modifies one fov, the mod allows advanced options (ADS, aiming, walking, and driving FOV.) "
"The whole architecture for online is fucked, it shouldn't handle like some console p2p bullshit fused with an MMO. It should have standard setup with dedicated hosts and clients. I should be able to play on a private server with mods/hacks/whatever with friends. "
"Max Payne 1&amp;2 were incredible games. The style, the comicbook storytelling, the slowmotion gunplay.... they came together beautifully. I'll always look back fondly on that series."
"Having a decent mouse, a higher refresh rate, having a drink before playing could all give you a slight advantage, one bigger than having a large FOV.

Time to lock the game to 30 fps, implement artificial input lag, and require a drug and alcohol test before playing to even the playing field! "
"It's understandable people who modified FOV got banned in the same  wave as cheaters and such if it's implemented via same methods, but still sucks.  
 Rockstar should have included a higher FOV in the first place.  
I don't get motion sickness, but it's still feeling like your eyes are attached somewhere on the gun. Also the massive weapon models."
"I have a problem with this review and don't think KSP deserves the score. But before saying why, let me say that KSP certainly is a great game. I completely agree with this statement

&gt; [Landing on the Moon] remains one of my greatest achievements in a game. It was a proper achievement, too. Not a pat-on-the-back trophy, created to convey incremental progress, but the successful completion of a challenging, self-made goal. The entire process—from failure, to revision, to hope, to euphoric completion—cemented for me why Kerbal Space Program is one of the best games on PC.

I had the same experience. First landing on the Moon was without a doubt the best experience I've had in any game ever. This is not a hyperbole, it literally is the best experience any game has ever managed to provide in my gaming history, which goes quite a ways back. And it's echoed repeatedly in the KSP subreddit by new players who feel the same way. For certain, any game that can pull this off deserves a good score and deserves the praise.

But that quote is then immediately followed by 

&gt; That this all happened two years ago is why it feels strange to be reviewing the game now.

I feel like this review is more about the early access and the reviewers history with the game than a fair review of the released version. You might ask, what's the problem, surely the released version is only better. The problem is the career mode that's been added to the game at the final stages of development. It's portrayed as the actual game, the eponymous space program. When you start a new game, it's the default mode the game starts in if you don't change it. And traditionally sandbox mode is just messing around without restrictions. But it just happens that the career mode is really quite bad while the sandbox mode is the great game everyone who's played KSP for a while is telling you about.

The review even says this but for some reason skips over it really fast and doesn't make a big deal out of it, which quite frankly boggles my mind. 

&gt; It can be a bit of a grind, as you're encouraged to spend slightly too long repeating experiments in order to progress through to proper space exploration. ...  It still feels like an area that could use some extra expansion. There are only so many contract types, and eventually I decided to abandon the career structure in favour of the continued pursuit of my own ambitions.

It says so right there that career mode is so bad that the reviewer decided to abandon it completely. And I agree with that, it is a struggle to get through the early career mode. Not a struggle because it is challenging but because it is just tedious. If you do get past the worst parts, then it quickly becomes basically a sandbox game. Most of the career mode mechanics won't matter after a while. You'll have more money than you know what to do with and you don't need any more science. As such, there's no reason to do contracts other than what you think look like interesting challenges. The game essentially is a sandbox game at this point. In other words, career mode is a sandbox game where the early part really sucks.

It seems like most of the people who genuinely like career mode are actually veteran players who take the early career mode as a challenge. You have many restrictions in rocket size and parts available, it's a challenge to get to the Moon with these limits. And it can be a fun challenge too for veteran players. Challenge in the same way of complete some other game without using any weapons. That is not something you should subject beginners to.

Any new player that doesn't realise that, unlike most other games, sandbox mode is the real core of the game is probably going to have a bad time. In this sense, I think the game would actually have been better without the career mode being in it at all. If that was the case, I might actually agree with the 96 score. It just comes with the caveat that this is a purely sandbox game, if that's not your thing then look elsewhere. Now the review makes it seem like career mode aspect is very nearly perfect as well.

So yes, part of the game deserves that 96 score, the career mode doesn't. If you don't see yourself liking a sandbox game then KSP isn't for you. Otherwise, and especially if you're at all interested in space flight and physics, KSP really is an awesome game. Just skip over the career mode, at least to start with, and focus on the sandbox mode. Watch some tutorials online, or ask for help at /r/kerbalspaceprogram. It can be a bit daunting at first. The in-game tutorials were improved a bit for 1.0, but honestly they're still quite bad and I would encourage to look for help online instead."
"For some it's a gamechanger that's true. 

I have to play on 3rd person and would love to use the first, but I can't. After a short while it makes me feel a bit queezy.

edit. Would love an FOV-slider as a feature and not as a mod. Rockstar, please?"
Anything below 95 for me causes extreme nausea. I'm really disheartened that I can't play this game in first person due to that fov being so low.
"Well, 1.0 gives you the option of mining planets and converting the ore to fuel, so return missions just got somewhat easier."
It feels like Valve is finally talking to the gamers? Valve usually gave a silent treatment unless it was HUGE fiascos like paid mod and Valve spying. This is great.
Same reason [this](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/a3/Official_cover_art_for_Bioshock_Infinite.jpg) became the cover of BioShock Infinite. Basically publishers are afraid that games like these won't sell unless there's a gritty white dude posing angrily on the cover.
I'm pretty sure I had the AI throw more grenades at me in the final level on those steps in Berlin than there were grenades used in the entire world war.
"Actually, Duna is by far the easiest planet. It takes only slightly more deltaV for a Duna mission than a Mun mission. Which means if you have a mun lander that has some fuel left over after the mission, there is a good chance it will make an efficent Duna trip. EDIT: And no its not easier to get to every other moon. Tylo for example is by far the hardest moon and one of the hardest bodies to land on."
"Hey guys, I've produced a number of online games. If you're using a .dll injector of any kind, we can't tell what you're doing, so we ban you. Only way to stop the more malicious hacks that ruin the experience for everyone, like the ones that everyone's been crying for Rockstar to address."
"It is rumored but not confirmed at all. Only tons of fakes all around.

I really loved the first, and i'd love to get a sequel."
"I personally don't think it's pay to win, the idea being that every ship has a place in the universe, and that more expensive is not necessarily better.

I understand your worries, but I really see Star Citizen as an experiment as well. All those crowdfunded indie games out there are great, but what if a crowdfunded game had the resources that a COD or GTA has, what happens then? We'll get to see that with Star Citizen."
"I think he meant its not a big deal if people want more fov, not its not a big deal to change the fov."
"Man, Force Unleashed is one of those games where I play it and it's like ""The controls aren't the best, the story is whatever, but this is *so much fucking fun* I would give it a 9/10 even though it really deserves like a 7.5"". Getting to mess with force powers and launching people with force push just never, *ever* gets old."
"I agree. I actually thought that Arkham Asylum did a better job. We have batman coming to return the Joker to the Asylum and then everything goes down. It feels much more natural and seemed to flow better. I mean I really liked Arkham City but the beginning was like ""...what?"" where as Asylum basically had me go ""Ok I'm Batman and shit is going down, time to kick ass and take names."" "
"While the intro to Mass Effect 2 was amazing, you know what I come back to all the time? The *launch trailer*. That was pretty awesome. Check it [out](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2O-0-fQOOs) I mean i know there are parts in the trailer that were not used in the actual game (like that speech at the end) but the rest just had me going ""...holy shit"". "
"Some people are reporting being banned for using it.

http://www.reddit.com/r/GrandTheftAutoV_PC/comments/34ks9v/fov_mod_does_get_you_banned/cqvncxa"
"I still think Asylum is by far the better game. Apart from the ending, the story is better, as is the setting. It has a Zelda like quality, with upgrades unlocking more of the Asylum. City just made me feel like I was wading through padding all the time. I think elements of the story were great but the open world took from the experience, not added.
Asylum was so tightly designed and paced. City (and Origins) lacked that. Still looking forward to Knight though."
"The much bigger risk is that it will become **""grind-to-play""**.

Rather than balancing the progression speed in the persistent universe around what is most fun for the players, they might feel inclined to balance the progression around the value of some of the ships they have sold.

This would mean that progressing to better, more interesting ships will take an extraordinary amount of time and people that did not spend hundreds of dollars to get a more advanced ship right away might be stuck grinding terribly boring, repetitive tasks for hundreds of hours until they have the means to buy a more fun and interesting ship.

Even without any pre-launch ship sales balancing the progression is a very difficult task. But having large parts of the core audience heavily invested in progression will make the task all the more difficult. Erring on the side of caution by not pissing of the core fans and making progression ridiculously grindy to essentially increase the value of pre-launch ship purchases will be much more likely and could seriously hurt the game."
They gave talked to the community in the past and have overall been more vocal since the diretide drama.
"&gt; We can't effectively punish the fraudsters, because they're not really traceable - they commit the fraud on new or stolen accounts, never on their own accounts.


From the linked post. Sometimes its on new accounts, but many times they do it on stolen accounts. A lot of people change their payment option often (including me) so that's not really a solution either."
Oh no! Now he can see an extra 30 degrees. Why would racing have a problem with that? Why would DM even have problems with that? This isn't some Splinter Cell game. It's a fucking shooter. There's no reason not to let people feel comfortable when playing a game.
"It is not an easy task. 

The fraud community work together and are constantly changing the way they fraud companies. It is not a single person, there are groups of people doing this as a full time job. They are extremely smart with how they socially engineer information and use it to exploit any software that may be in place to stop them. 

At the end of the day, the innocent will always be caught up in any nets that companies put in place to prevent fraud. It may be an inconvenience to you as a user but you need to understand the level of fraud happening in the gaming community is quite high due to reseller/trading sites making it so damn easy to quickly sell stolen goods."
"Dishonored 2, TES VI, Fallout 4. Bethesda is just sitting on money. All they have to do is act. Some other devs arent so lucky."
"Then using the ingame slider is giving an advantage. And that's a dumb argument. you literally see the equivalent of 10 inches on both sides. People aren't using FOV to peek at the side of their screens, they don't want to get sick. The game isn't even close to a real life FOV. Humans have a near 180 degree FOV. Why does a game have to have a 1/3 of that?"
"The competitive argument is dumb. Not only is it GTA and not a competitive shooter, but if you're going to complain about advantages you're already beaten to it by 4:3 to 16:9 monitors, or more recently triple screen setups. It doesn't matter, some people have wider views anyway. 



You see more in the third person than first anyway, all you need to do is press V to nullify the argument."
"I think whats really happening is that people are glad R* is taking a stance against cheaters. Bad FoV is a small price to pay. They would rather have no cheaters than a better FoV. 

I can understand that. If anything it might push R* to implement a FoV slider and these banned are the noble martyrs who made it happen."
"Common misconception.  Many people don't know the difference between Bethesda Softworks and Bethesda Game Studios, or even that they're separate things."
"Thats what the thread is about. It was posted in /r/dota2 in response to wishes from the community to be able to gift this years compendium to their friends without the one week restriction.

If i recall correctly last year there were quite a few moments where the frauds could be easily seen because there are prizepool trackers which update quite often. There was a drop in the graphs up to 40000 dollars (and since only 25% from the sales go into the prize pool that means that means that only at this one moment Valve had 200000 dollars from stolen credit cards negated)"
"Yeah its absolutely a ridiculous argument these guys are using. There is perhaps a handful of extremely rare situations where having a wider fov would be a tactical/competitive advantage, and they would be so rare as to not be significant in any way. GTA is simply not set up in a way that makes vision valuable the way say Counterstrike does.

On top of that, the minimap already negates 99% of the (already tiny) potential advantage of a wider fov, because we always know where the other players are even in competitive multiplayer modes like deathmatch. "
"I'm as hyped as the next guy, but all we have right now are vague hints and meaningless words. My guess is that they turn out to be an anagram, just like the previous set of words. 

I'm casually optimistic, but I won't hype too much cause the pain will be all the more bigger if it's not ZE3. 

Also, we have some discussions about the teaser and series in general at /r/zeroescape. Come join us!"
"I really fucking tried but couldn't stand it. Went right on back to Rogue Legacy, a far superior platform rogue like in MY opinion."
"Couple things I forgot to mentions purely gameplay thinking Star citizen is a sandbox mmo not a roller coaster mmo like for example wow.

This means that since you are free to make your own goals and narratives you don't have to slow down the progression to give enough time for the roller coaster to grow like in wow with expansions. 

Instead all you need to do is facilitate the tools for the players to make their own progression and narratives.

This game is not about accumulation all the ships or reaching rank 120. Its about... well playing the game."
"The 3 was really good too. Not entirely the same style due to a different environnement (full of color brazil vs gray new york for 1 and 2), but an awesome game in its own right with the same style of noir story telling, a story going very, very wrong, and superb bullet-time-infused shooting gameplay (the top notch PC port played a big part here).

That last level in the airport, with the song tears by health starting and that ""one last ride"" with enemies piling up .. Damn that was awesome

&gt; So I guess I'd become what they wanted me to be, a killer. Some rent-a-clown with a gun who puts holes in other bad guys. Well that's what they had paid for, so in the end that's what they got. Say what you want about Americans but we understand capitalism. You buy yourself a product and you get what you pay for, and these chumps had paid for some angry gringo without the sensibilities to know right from wrong. Here I was about to execute this poor bastard like some dime store angel of death and I realized they were correct, I wouldn't know right from wrong if one of them was helping the poor and the other was banging my sister..."
"The point is, there is no reliable/bulletproof way to tell whether a particular DLL injection is malicious or not. Who is being an idiot, do you think? "
"Playing devils advocate, but I can't blame them when that's what their stats tell them. They're only going to do what they think will sell more, after paying their millions of dollars into the game.

More people in the shops (more than than the /r/games audience) are attracted to that cover than other, less generic ones."
"Feels more like an advertising / PR fluff video than their more technical ""Making Of"" videos that include parts about what makes Naughty Dog special anyway."
"Well they are going to have some forms of post-launch monetization through micro-transactions and their best costumers are the ""whales"" that spend most money pre-launch. So they do have direct incentives to keep these customers happy. Also don't underestimate their selling of ingame currency for real money. The daily cap they have talked about is not really that big a deal. No one will purchase the currency if you can get the ""cap-amount"" in 5 minutes of play time, so you bet they are going to balance ingame money gain with the daily cap for purchasing currency in mind.

&gt; Trust me no players wants ships to be needlessly hard to get just to validate their purchase you don't spend the money to get the ship you spend it to fund the development of the game.

Come on don't be so naive... How can you explain the huge ""grey-market"" of star citizen space-ships? None of that money goes to developement, these are player-to-player transactions for which CIG gets absolutely nothing.

How can you explain the community outrage everytime a ""limited"" ship goes on sale again for a weekend? All these players that ""just want to fund the developement"" should be happy that more money comes into the game, but instead they are angry that their super special ship is a little less special.

How do you think all these players will react when they realize it doesn't take hundreds of hours of mindless grinding for normal players to get ""their"" ship through gameplay?"
"&gt;Trust me no players wants ships to be needlessly hard to get

I hope you are right but don't underestimate the mindset of someone who is invested in a game. I've seen this during the last 9 or so months with Elite Dangerous. There was a very vocal group of backers who defended everything the Devs did and steamrolled over everyone who tried to have a discussion about it. Thankfully the devs didn't listen and are still improving and re-balancing the game. 

"
"This line of reasoning makes no sense at all, since anyone with an ultra-widescreen monitor, or multiple monitor setup, already has a much wider FoV than you can get with a single 16:9 monitor.

So Rockstar clearly does not think ~80 is the highest FoV the game should be played at."
"Considering you can play the game in 3rd person, FOV is no real advantage to anyone. It just helps people not feel sick"
Important information in article: Kirkman is giving the project all his blessings and that this is in his opinion the walking dead coop experience that should be.
"I thought it was a nice and insightful post on the lengths developers may go to in order to make their games authentic. Especially this section of the article revealed how they tried to capture the tracks in the actual voice of the co-driver: 
&gt; ... to try and get a better sense of being in the cockpit we have rigged up a Stilo Intercom System in our D-Box room. I wear my crash helmet and sit in the D-Box chair. It’s a motion seat so every bump, dip and crest in the stage is transferred through the seat and into my body. It’s subtle but the faster sections are reflected through the intensity of the calls and things tend to get calmer when the car is going through some of the slower sections.

I haven't played the game, so I can't tell if their effort is wasted or if it is noticeable. But the attention to detail sure is nice, and if that level of detail applies to the rest of the game, then I'm very interested."
This is the third instance in recent times that Valve just flat out explains themselves. This is GOOD! Finally all the discussion about what may or not may be their reasoning for what they do can stop now and we can understand them. Their silent behaviour led to a lot of unnecessary chatter amongst the community.
"I kinda want information on the gameplay

Is it going to be like payday 2 but instead of cops it'd be zombies? I mean I would be okay with that, but kinda want more depth to it."
"It's an interesting article but it didn't explain all of the calls. The number system is very obvious, but I still have no idea what 'bad camber' means (had to google that word) and in what units the distances are measured.

'Care', 'caution' and 'double caution' calls are very ambiguous as well, they can mean so many things on the track, why not expand on them like 'caution right' so you can know that there's going to be a big rock on the right side of the track.

On another note, I hope they can get a female co-pilot as an option some time soon, there was such an option in Dirt3. I find female voice easier to concentrate on."
"The writing is still top-notch, but I agree that the atmosphere has shifted dramatically from the winter New York to the South America corruption and drug theme. MP3 is great on its own, without clinching to the comfortable Noir York that RS knew fan would feel at home. It leaves the fan feeling alien as Max would feel, and that's excellent. "
Some games scan your profile and if you have an existing ban they will ban you from their game too. Dark Souls 2 does this
"He really really really really hated The Walking Dead game with Norman Reedus and Michael Rooker game.

EDIT: http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/20u6xf/im_robert_kirkman_creator_of_the_walking_dead_ama/?sort=confidence here is Robert talking about himself and he sometimes shit talk about Survival Instinct. It is really fun.  "
"It's the age old problem of players only concerned with 'end game' rather than enjoying the actual journey.  Someone is always going to have an advantage over you, be it money or time available to play.  Get over it and just enjoy the game.  Quit being concerned about 'winning'."
I was replaying Dirt 3 due to the recent GFWL-removal update and switched to Rally when it was released. The difference in the quality of the co-driver audio is huge and jumped out to me right away.
"The guy behind this should probably read up on copyright law a bit more. No way that passes, it's way too similar to Star Wars, just including some flavour text about how it's not the same (but admitting it's heavily inspired by) isn't going to stop Disney's lawyers telling him to take it down.

Otherwise it looks awesome and I hope he keeps working on it. He should just probably change the models so they don't look almost exactly like ships from the movies."
"Yeah, I just don't have high hopes for this game. I know this subreddit loves Payday, but I'm not a fan. I really hope they have a strong change in direction and it's just not Payday: Convenient Store Edition With Zombies"
We have no information so there would be no reason to start a subreddit. If you want some information on Overkill (the developers) visit /r/paydaytheheist.
"I hope the gameplay itself is more similar to No More Room in Hell than for example Left 4 Dead, Killing Floor and Payday. "
343 Industries happened to Halo. All they care about is making the multiplayer more COD-like. They removed all aspects of community. And everything that made Halo....Halo.
"Developer here - it's also the Steam Daily Deal (40% off) for the next 30 hours or so. That also includes the 4-pack, which brings it down to $6 per copy.  

Here's the store link if you're so inclined:  http://store.steampowered.com/app/270450"
"I thought about this too. The problem then shifts. 
If ""loyal"" (=old?) accounts can trade immediately, they become valuable to scammers and account theft has a serious monetary benefit attached to it.
Maybe the combation of two factor authentication, and an old account may be the solution here.

But I imagine Valve also thought about the trade-off. Whatever solution there is, it costs time and money to implement and it may be so confusing to their customers, that they'd rather take the sales-hit from not being able to gift within 7 days."
"
Kinda like how a gym is only for strong people.

I assume the game allows mastery. Not exclusive to masters."
"I'm sure that it improved, last time I played it had tons of odd little quirky bugs in it wigh, what I remember to be, bad netcode. 

However, none of that was what turned me off. I just didn't really get the appeal of it, nothing really stood out to me as something i would enjoy playing again. I have pretty much the same feeling as that and Killing Floor, just not my bag. "
I think bad camber might be referring to a road surface that is banked in the opposite direction of the turn.  Think of how a highway curve is inclined laterally to help reduce the chance of cars skidding at high speed.
"""Jump maybe"" tends to be a jump that doesn't cover the entire width of the track, hence the ""maybe"" because you might not hit it."
"Sometimes I feel so out of the loop with more casual gaming communities.  Nobody I know buys games without doing at least a little bit of research, be it online reviews, hearing about it from peers, etc.  Are there really people that shell out $60 for a game based only on how the cover looks?"
"Not really, in left 4 dead you go from point A to B, you aren't scavenging(stealing) and defending one location. And no sneaking really. "
"All the item drops in the game are and will be cosmetic when it comes to multiplayer. I may add some item drops that add special powerups in the singleplayer Arcade mode just to keep things interesting.  

The disclaimer of course is if the community really, really wants to start mixing things up with ability modifiers (sidegrades, like in TF2) then I'll consider it. But I'll make sure to include a Vanilla option."
"Some points:

* The game is alpha. Not beta, not almost released, alpha. It's nowhere near complete. You *can not* ignore that fact when discussing balance issues with the game. We don't even have proper armour implementation yet, the PIPE system isn't complete, etc.


* Ships are not on a linear, hierarchical progression system. This seems to be a point *a lot* of gamers can't wrap their head around.  Gamers seem to be programmed to think more expensive = automatically better. I can't say I blame people for that.. MMOs are typically all about ""+gear"" and ""+levels"". Here's the thing: *that doesn't exist in SC*. Ships are role based. Some ships are better in certain roles than others. The Hornet is the top-dog dogfighter, *but can't do jack shit else*. It doesn't even have a jump drive to jump between systems. The Constellation is a big, expensive ship -and requires *four people* to properly crew and fight effectively. Otherwise all you have is a very expensive freighter -and the Freelancer, which is a cheaper ship, can do that job better. Because ships aren't on a linear scale, it's perfectly possible to play a the game with a ""lower end"" ship. For example, I play almost exclusively with my 325 despite the fact I have two other ships that are generally considered ""better"" dogfighters. FOTM bug issues aside, none of the other ships are so much better than I feel I'm outclassed in any way, shape, or form.

* We have *only two game modes* right now. Those two game modes are dogfighting and racing. If the ship you have isn't expressly designed for one of those two roles, it's going to underperform compared to a ship that is. For a specific example -a Freelancer is more expensive than a 300i... the 300i can dogfight a hell of a lot better. But it can't haul cargo worth a shit compared to the Freelancer. So how is the 300i or Freelancer P2W?.

* Arena Commander is designed to be a ""simulator"" within the game. It's not the persistent universe. This is important because:

* None of the external balancing factors are in the game yet, mainly because they'll only effect the PU. No ship maintenance, no ship upkeep or refueling, no repair, no rearm, etc. That Galdius doesn't look so hot when you actually have to pay [in UEC] for the 8 missiles you expend every single dogfight. That Super Hornet doesn't look so hot when it costs you half your mission's commission to repair those bullet holes you got in it. That Constellation doesn't look so hot now that you have to pay the other 3 crew members (NPC or human) as well.

* *All* of the ships currently in the game are ""lower"" end ships. Chris Roberts said if he had to rate all the equipment and ships in the pledge store on a scale of 1-10 for what they have planned, he'd rate them a ""2"".


* Bug and balance issues lead to P2W accusations, but they're because of BUGS. Right now ""missile commander"" reigns supreme.. so the top dogfighting ships are ones that carry a lot of missiles. This is because of bugs with countermeasures and tracking arcs/angles for CM missiles. Earlier we had a different ship as the ""top dog"" ship because network code issues caused it to not take damage when moving at high speed. We also went through a phase where the most powerful gun in the game had a very high ROF -this meant that 4x or 6x gimbal ships reigned supreme. I should point out that every ship I'm talking about here had *widely* different pledge levels. So trying to judge P2W based on that is, in a word, ridiculous.

**TL;DR:** You're judging the game based on **a fraction** of what's actually going to be in the complete game. IMO it's completely unreasonable, but to each their own.


If anyone has P2W concerns about SC, I simply recommend waiting until it's released.


**""But you'll be able to buy credits when the game is released! That makes it P2W!""**


A bit of back-of-the-envelop math here, based on things CIG has said over the last year or so: For a basic 300i, it would take you *two months* to buy enough UEC for real dollars to buy that ship. You should be able to make enough money in game in less than 20 hours of gameplay for it. If one want's to consider that P2W.. ok... but at that point I think that's the kind of person who would make the argument that pay-for cosmetic changes are ""P2W"" because SpaceCamo makes your ship slightly harder to see in a dogfight.

&gt; They nerf the advantages to make the game more balanced and stop it from being 'pay-to-win'. But that will seriously piss off the people who have paid thousands of dollars.

Actually, it won't. The ""advantages"" right now are largely because of bugs and because proper balancing hasn't been done, and if you actually look at the discussions on /r/starcitizen and the RSI forums, the majority of backers realize and understand this.


I had an exchange on Reddit with Ben Lesnick from CIG. He told me that their focus for balancing is 100% on the persistent universe, and that's one reason why Arena Commander can appear unbalanced at times [bugs aside]. 


We don't have the PU build stream yet. They started integrating that with the 1.0 and 1.1.0 patches. Once full multicrew goes in (2.0, should be later this year) we're going to see some significant balance changes.

&gt; They let it be and the majority of players are left in the dust by those who bought advantages.

I outlined above why that won't be the case.


As a personal aside, it's always funny to see these posts because it's obvious when they're made by people who either haven't played SC, or have spent very little time playing it. Why is it obvious? Because the the balance/P2W arguments from alpha testers revolve around a completely separate issue."
"I think the master chief collection was the smoking gun that pretty much killed a lot of interest in the series.

Playing Halo 1, 2, 3, and 4 all in HD, with all of their respective DLC, campaigns, and multiplayer? for $60? That's sounds amazing! and it would've been amazing too, but it was all terribly botched.

Though I haven't played it myself, I've heard no end of people having trouble. Whether it's lack of playlist variety, matches having unbalanced teams, not being to find a match entirely, even campaign coop over the internet had issues.

And because of these issues, We weren't, and still haven't been able to relive the glory days of Halo like we'd been promised.
So maybe we're all just jaded at this point after such a huge disappointment."
"I actually agree, that that's a big reason why I added this metagame component. And hopefully as people start creating levels and later on their own game modes, then there will be a huge increase in stuff to do in the game.  

The other way to boost up replayability is with a serious competitive scene. I felt the metagame route was slightly more feasible in the short / medium term. Still, it's something I've got in the back of my mind and will be adding some things like Clan leaderboards to give that angle a push."
"&gt;I haven't played the game, so I can't tell if their effort is wasted or if it is noticeable

It is very noticeable, even required i would say to listen to the co-driver. Some parts of some tracks are a fast bumpy ride with a lot of crests and corners that block visibility, without any mini map showing you the track the only posibility is to listen to the co-driver. I think its a great mechanic, it works great and is implemented quite well."
[Kickstarter link](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/playtonic/yooka-laylee-a-3d-platformer-rare-vival)
"It is definitely one of the faster ones.  It's up there with Mighty No. 9, Pillars of Eternity, Wasteland 2 and DoubleFine Adventure.

All of those games above ended up netting 3-4 million USD for development.

Edit:  Correction.  Wasteland 2 finished just below 3 million USD.  But Brian Fargo invested a couple million of his own money into the game after the fact so it had a fairly large budget still."
"It looks like the idea for a ""GK"" rap from the other thread is a new stretch goal! Sounds like they're keeping it fun!"
"It's awesome that it looks like this is going to turn out well. However I am worried that when they can't meet their Oct 2016 goal people are going to turn this into another Broken Age. By that I mean bitching that it's taking to long etc.

I suppose we will see, but it's nice to see that people are excited about something again."
"Then you step into the city after the baptism and everyone is this polite, American white city...it was unsettling. "
"IMO the concept of stealth in zombie games is hugely underutilized.  You should feel like you need to sneak around zombies, not because they individually represent much threat, but because using bullets wastes a precious resource and greatly increases the odds of that one bite that can doom you.

The main reason you don't see this in games is that extreme punishment (even if you don't outright doom them ala zombie lore) for taking a single hit creates a very unforgiving difficulty curve that would drive off all but the most hardcore of players."
"Pounds eh? Let's see, according to my calculations that's

*tac tac tac*

A *shitton* of money! About 1.5mil US.

I never played Banjo Kazooie but I look forward to trying this out. And so do many others it seems."
"Well they did bang out that pitch video in just 3 months, so I have faith in them. But some of those stretch goals are kinda big (Bosses, multiplayer) so that might add to development time"
"Sorry to hear that. I'm not sure how long of a timeframe you're describing, but it's possible you were on a server that was far away from you. Maybe go to options / network and verify you're connected to the closest region? Another option is to [run your own server](http://rrddd.wikia.com/wiki/Networking), although at the moment those servers are not publicly browsable. Works great with friends though.   

For what it's worth, I have this post that describes in detail the issue of latency: http://steamcommunity.com/app/270450/discussions/0/617329150706762258/ The tl;dr of it is there are some things about a physics-based multiplayer game that make normal latency appear more visible. In a game like BF you're mostly shooting invisible bullets, and the server can kind of invisibly fudge reality to compensate for latency. When you've got a bouncy ball flying around, you can't really adjust its position without it looking terrible so there are some definite compromises.  

Here's another scenario. Two players are right next to each other, and one of them throws a ball. 30 ms later the other player sees the first player throw it. But by then, the first player has already seen their ball hit the target. Should the second player get a chance to catch it? And what I do is add a small delay after hitting a target to give the victim a chance to actually see the throw and respond.  

So there's going to be some 'weirdness', I think once players understand and accept the limitations of this kind of game it makes it less annoying, and you can adjust your strategies accordingly. It's definitely not ideal though and I understand your frustration. (I guess that's not a very succinct tl;dr...)

 "
"I was thinking about this when playing, sometimes he is audibly and at the exact right moments affected by the bumps in the road. It's fantastic at increasing immersion. "
"I'm sort of intrigued by this one.

Someone sell or don't sell me on this. Really on the thin line of joining in this one."
Those two music samples on their page are just... Incredible. I wish I could donate to them... But I will buy this game when it comes out.
The competetive argument is also dumb because in CSGO a lot of professional players use 4:3 stretched with a lower fov than the normal 16:9 resolutions.
"Play Banjo-Kazooie or Banjo-Tooie right now. Let their past works do the talking. You've got 45 days, so play through one of them and decide if you're willing to pay $15 to get another game like those two. "
"&gt; Yeah - that's why I'll wait for reviews of the game and LP's etc. from people before choosing to pay.

That's a good idea. There is *a lot* of poorly researched or just flat out incorrect information about Star Citizen floating around the web. Most articles from game sites get at least a few things wrong and many more of them are just garbage. I think I can count on 1 hand the number of good-quality Star Citizen articles written in the last *two years*. This is one reason why the SC community appears to get so defensive about criticism. A lot of the criticism is poorly researched and incorrect to various degrees, and sometimes reaches the levels of flat out fabrication. Backers have been dealing with it for a long time. So don't ever let the defensiveness of the community turn you off the game :). Overall it's actually one of the better gaming communities I've been a part of.


It also doesn't help that the RSI website itself is a fucking nightmare to find basic information. It's gone from bad to horrible and then back to bad. I was in on it on the ground floor, but I feel bad for anyone trying to get a handle on it now. There's so much information available and at the same time it's very difficult to wade through."
"It's actually a recruitment video, they've been posting a few of these lately and posting job listings."
"You say that, but people play how people play.  If I play it, it's gonna largely about playing around and flavoring all the ships.  Because I love ships.  And more ships.  E:D made the process of moving from ship to ship utterly miserable early on, because nothing paid for shit but slowing jumping from one exact same station to another and bulk buying and selling from a crappy little spreadsheet.  It sucked. Otherwise, it would take months of combat or mining to get anywhere."
"As someone who never played Banjo Kazzoie and really don't know anything about the game, could I please know why the game is so praised among its fans? Besides nostalgia, I guess."
"&gt;TL;DR: You're judging the game based on a fraction of what's actually going to be in the complete game. IMO it's completely unreasonable, but to each their own.

&gt;If anyone has P2W concerns about SC, I simply recommend waiting until it's released.

I have seen this line of thinking a few times already and if you don't mind I would like to point a few problems with it:

* Waiting until release with critiquing things is, in itself, a bad idea, since you cannot simply revert purchases people have made (see tribes ascend as a prime example of these kind of problems ruining a game and reputation) and also the fact that some problems are not visible at the release of a game, but show later on (however).

    Don't forget that people would like StarCitizen to succeed(though that might not always seem like it).


* Secondly, we really can't take CIG's word alone on things (sorry, I would like to do so as much as you do, believe me). There have been way too many cases were a developer decided to lie and simply maximize profits which nearly always were detrimental to the game and we therefore cannot afford to simply trust the developer blindly and not take notice of the remainder of the context (which,to be honest, does look kind of sketchy seeing that there are $150+ transactions before release).

So yes, the final judgement can only be given when the game is released. But people should start questioning things now and not until after release.
"
"I'm not convinced that driving a real car really has a huge amount of impact on how well you do at DiRT Rally. Unless you are using a wheel with a gearbox, then it would come in handy - but for just using a controller it's a level playing field for all I'd say. "
"Ah, thanks for explaining the problems.

Generally it isn't an issue - but I notice it occasionally.I try to play EU to stop that.

It's awesome you are continuing to develop the game and add community content etc."
"I believe there are emulators for it, or they are both available on the Xbox live arcade with slightly better graphics. Can't recommend playing them enough. "
"Same reason Humble Bundle had to institute a $1 minimum, and all the Steam sale events haven't been good for years. Fraudsters ruin things for everyone."
"Excellent level design and soundtrack, dialogue that's quite funny and a bit tongue-in-cheek, engaging movement systems driven by a lot of satisfying collectibles and exploration."
"A game with really solid and clever gameplay, puzzles, collectables, enemies, and bosses. Fun but certainly not EASY easy. Everyone can pick it up and play and enjoy, but there will definitely be things you'll need to repeat. Funny dialogue and great character design. And the music is great too!  Holds up still, played it recently and still had a ball. "
"Since there was another game with the Walking Dead license while the Tell-Tale games were coming out, I think its one that they are able to spread around."
Is GK rap going to be like the DK64 rap? Because that sounds like something that definitely needs to happen.
"Honestly, the poorly written articles is a fault of CIG themselves. It's really hard to get a comprehensive overview of the game just by looking at official sources. They also never clearly say anywhere on their website that the ship store will go away and it just for pledging, which is why so many people think the game is pay to win."
"Dude, this is the original team of developers that made Banjo-Kazooie and Banjo-Tooie. Playtonic is made up of alumni from Rareware's glory days. If ANYONE can make another game like those two, it'd be them. "
"They are the same people who made the Banjo games. So it's up to you if you trust them to make another good one.

I trust them."
"I have faith in the team for a few reasons:

1. They're all very experienced - some have been in the games industry for longer than I've been alive. The studio may be new but the people in it are not random indie developers you've never heard of.
2. They're most of the big-name players behind the original Banjo games, which makes them qualified for creating a spiritual successor.
3. They all left a stable job at Rare at some point and decided to come together to make Yooka-Laylee. I get a genuine feeling of enthusiasm from them, that this isn't just a random kickstarter that won't finish, but also a work of passion for them. They spent two months putting together a very polished pre-alpha demo for their pitch, after all.

I'm skeptical of Kickstarter myself - this is actually the first project I've backed on it. I'm well-aware how easy it is for a developer to get lazy or not care because the game being funded means it's effectively already made its money back before release. But I don't believe that will happen with Yooka-Laylee."
"The team is made up of basically the most influential forces on Banjo and DK64 teams. They have a combined total time working for Rare of over 100 years, and the amount of big names on the project will ensure it comes to fruition. 

Ultimately, these people are the ones that poured their heart and soul into those games, and want to do it again. Rare never gave them that chance again, so they finally left, to do it again."
"Sony had their reason, the original BioShock game had a similar issue with their marketing when they used the Little Girl and Big Daddy as a front cover. 

Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bL4HshArMa0"
"&gt;Hell, we’ll even get Grant Kirkhope to record a new ‘DK Rap’ for the endgame credits. 

That is exactly what it's going to be like."
"If you've got a 360 you should definitely go that route, at least for Tooie. Tooie suffers from severe framerate and slowdown issues on N64. Plus the HD versions look awesome."
"[It's already in the ""most funded"" category on Kickstarter's Video Games page.](https://www.kickstarter.com/discover/advanced?category_id=35&amp;woe_id=0&amp;sort=most_funded) That puts it over Divinity: Original Sin, Dreamfall, Godus and The Banner Saga."
"Mupen64+ is your go-to emulator for n64 nowadays. It does require a front-end though, of which the best one is M64py.

http://emulation.gametechwiki.com/index.php/Nintendo_64_emulators"
"Damn. Now I really want to play DK64 again. Of all of my favourite childhood games, that one was admittedly too complex for me at the time. I would love to try it again now that I actually know I would be able to finish it."
"It would be in the credits anyway, and trust me, you'll want something to pass the time as tens of thousands of backer's names scroll by."
"A wheel and shifter isn't enough.  Many, many interviews with professional race car drivers (rally or otherwise) comment that they drive with their ass, and nothing can accurately replicate the feeling of being in a car that's moving vertically with the contours of the road across your entire body."
"Yeah, I like that their new stretch goals are fun extras that don't seem like they'd eat up too much dev time."
"GK rap sounds amazing, but I'm not too sure about the 100,00 euros for a let's play.

I mean, obviously a majority of that will go into the game itself, and the ""dev commentary"" is just a bonus, but I would still think there would be something a tad more substantial. "
"The thing that makes Banjo Kazooie and collectathon-platformers fun in general is the open-ended environments, the feeling of exploration, the different tasks you need to do to win a item. The environments are nice to look at, thematic, exploring them makes you go ""what if I do this to go here"" and then you realize one of those items is actually there, the different tasks keeps the game varied sometimes to get the jiggy you need to play a minecart minigame, sometimes you need to grow a plant throughout the four seasons, sometimes you need to become an ant and climb a tree, sometimes you need to platform through dangerous fans and a bottomless pit in an engine room, etc."
"They are. They have added SNS features, BK has its note and Jinjo systems converted to Tooie's, BT has SNSII and better performance, and both got minor 3D graphical improvements and a complete 2D asset overhaul."
The levels were non-linear and always felt like they had substance to them. It was awesome to explore.
"One concern is the more you promise to add to the game, the longer the development process is, larger cost, etc.  I'm not always a fan of stretch goals for that reason.  Something light like an LP shouldn't take a huge amount of time+money to produce, but still offers interesting value (something akin to ""documentary mode"" in a game)."
The price difference between one kickstarter goal and the next does not necessarily have anything to do with the cost of the next goal. They still have 45 days left and this went viral. It would be insane of them not to motivate more people to back the project.
"The units I believe are measured in meters, always. However, your needles might be in mph even still.

As to the ambiguous calls:

* **Care**: Generally he's trying to say ""Keep this in mind"". Implied that you don't need to slow down however.
* **Caution**: Slow down.
* **Double Caution**: FUCKING slow down."
That's a relatively big file size for an expansion. Makes me wonder how long the two stories run for. The New Order wasn't exactly short. If we got maybe 10 hours of new content out of it I would be over the moon.
"I'd prefer it if they pulled a ""Nintendo"" and postponed the release date to ensure a polished game instead of delivering something half finished just to reach that deadline. "
Most of that will probably be mega-textures. The New Order had this problem too. It seems to be an issue with all id Tech5 engine games that textures eat up a huge chunk of the file size.
I honestly expect this out in 2017 at the earliest. I wouldn't be surprised to see it reach into 2018.
"It's an issue yeah, but it's sorta worth it if you've a lower end system. The engine frees up CPU power that goes towards the textures and puts it towards other things instead. TNO and Rage were 60fps on the 360 and PS3, after all."
"Really excited by this, colourful platforming games have really died outside of Nintendo.  I hope the interest can spark some life in the genre."
"Hope the game works better with AMD cards this time around. I grinded my teeth as people declared how buttersmooth, paragon of a PC version the game is while I played with rough tearing and while the framerate was good, it still didn't feel as smooth as it should've been.  
Other than that, I thought The New Order was one of the best games last year."
"Damn, brass balls man. I cant say i agree, i enjoyed nuts n bolts but it wasnt a banjo game to me. Just started the original again today, its just too well done not to love."
"I think that they already planned that stuff ahead (boss battles, multiplayer). I'm pretty sure they were expecting to meet those goals."
"DK country had A LOT of collecting that became a real chore. You could probably beat the game, but I remember my friend getting really frustrated when he tried to play through it again. I think the Banjo games have aged better. "
"Can't popular injectors like Vorpx be allowed or whitelisted? It's the only reason I bought the game, for use with the Oculus Rift since Native VR support was never added. To hang with friends in my apartment, 1 on 1 matches, etc. It requires an increased FOV. This is terrible news. (for me at least)

Edit: Yeah fuck off who ever's downvoting me so many times 2 minutes after I posted. I know I'm the minority that is into Virtual Reality for now. But I am just telling my experience."
"Directors, visual artists, and musicians from Banjo, DKC, and Conker. Even if for some reason I don't like the end product, I am more than happy spending 15 bucks to ensure their creativity seeps in to this generation. "
"I hope you're right but I'm not sure.

The cynic in me thinks we'll be getting more arcadey/accessible shooters like Rogue Squadron, rather than hardcore space combat sims."
Does this include emulators for controllers? Such as ds4windows which allows ps4 controllers to act as an Xbox 360 controller?
You quit playing a fantastic N64 game because of a lighthearted goofy song in the beginning that is completely skippable? LOL
"No, that isn't injecting anything to game memory, it's only changing how the controller is seen by the PC. "
"This is what I think more people should realize. The 175k was the absolute minimum, the worst case scenario of what they thought would be enough to get a playable game together. All the ""stretch goals"" are really just features that (I assume) they were going to do anyway, but it sounds fancier if they ""crush all expectations"" and reach them one by one."
"Yeah I agree. [Look at shovel knights stretch goals.](http://cdn.crowdfundinsider.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/stretchGoals_200.gif)

They are working on ""playable boss knight 1"" right now. I think the linux/mac, music player and achievements are the only things they have done so far."
Everyone else feels like that totally defeats the purpose by ruining the fact that the original was fun because it was hilariously cheesy in an intentional way by people with no rapping skills 
"It wasn't due to fraud, but rather abuse of their system. 

During the steam winter sale you could purchase a bundle for $0.01 and get a Steam key. 

This Steam key would then enable a new account to farm coal, which could be made into games or discount coupons.

These $0.01 purchases actually cost Humble Bundle more money because of transaction fees. And because thousands of people abused it to farm coal, they had to implement a $1 minimum for Steam keys. 

You can still pay $0.01 to download the drm free games, but you have to pay $1 to get a Steam key.

No fraud, just very shitty people. "
"You think they don't know that. I would bet good money that two of those titles are being worked on as we speak. In fact I can almost guarantee it. It takes a long time to make a great game, there is no rush, I want the best FO4 and TES VI that I can get, not some shallow rush job just to get cash.

Especially TESVI, the game needs to be deep and it needs to have seriously stepped up combat. I have faith."
"When I was drawing concerns about the extremely high price of some of these ships, fans were quick to point out that you can get any ship in game once released. 

I find this to be *incredibly* naive. Sorry, but they aren't going to make their $1000 ships easily available, they are going to make it so tedious and grindy so the people who paid so much money got their money's worth. No developer in their right mind would charge $15,000 for a ship then make it at all actually obtainable in the game alone. "
"Played the ports of both Banjo games a few years back and playing the VC version of DK64, I agree. DK's a lot of fun, but definitely too many collectibles and ludonarrative weirdness to ""only this Kong can collect this color of items"" that doesn't really work. That's why I love this line from Playtonic's KS page:

&gt;Yes, we employ the man responsible for DK64's myriad of trinkets, but we've had a stern word."
"But they would now also have use of a lot more assets, and the base is already set up, so in less time they have way more potential to do more "
"Update your game! This was a bug that was fixed recently:

&gt;Audio Fix - We had a word with the co-driver about his attitude and he should now be talking to you if he wasn't before.


https://www.reddit.com/r/dirtgame/comments/349iw4/patch_v_031/"
"Refurbished Wii Us are only 200USD from Nintendo.  Though if you want a lot of digital games, you're going to need to buy an external hardrive."
"The fact that they have physical gameplay and a set idea means more than ""we have this super idea that we're not going to show you (because it may not exist), so give us money if you want it."".

They've been working on this for months, and won't squander a lot of the money on phone in celebrity voice talent."
"Honestly a huge amount of it comes down to personal preference between the driver and co-driver. My dad was a co-driver in the late 70s/earlier 80s and he has plenty of stories about it. 

To write the pace notes, they would drive the stage slow-ish in a road car and discuss what the notes were going to be, so often a 'caution' note will be a call back to something pointed out earlier and it's up to the driver to remember exactly what it was. There really isn't time to give more detail than that! I assume that they still do walkthroughs these days, but honestly stages are so much shorter now I don't know if they bother.

As for distance that's also driver preference, in my dad's day it was yards but these days it probably metres.
"
Scammers also used the extremely cheap Humble Bundle games to make new accounts look legitimate. An account with 8 games looks much less suspicious than an account with 0.
"They really should have just used the 3 main Kongs.  Dixie instead of Tiny, Lanky and Chunky just not being in it.  Power, Speed, Flight, all you need to distinguish what they can do."
"Nah, Telltale have confirmed a third season of The Walking Dead. That series'll likely continue for as long as it makes them money."
"As far as I know, that playable boss will come with a bunch of new levels and stuff as well. They can take as long as they need if the quality is the same as the initial release. That game is fantastic. "
"Huh; I thought Jak 2 was easily the worst game in the series myself.

Well, in any event, I find it hard to believe that Naughty Dog will ever go back to the series; really seems like they've moved on to bigger and better things. Sony could always get someone else to make a new game in the series, but then you obviously run the risk of that new game not being up to the standard set by the original three games. Even still, I'd love to see them try it at some point."
My guess is they don't want to fall into the same trap as other kickstarters. Add to many big stretch goals and you risk not being able to deliver on all your promises within the time frame.
"That's definitely a problem of over-promising rewards.

Not game related, but the guy who does the comic [Order of the Stick](http://www.giantitp.com/comics/oots.html) over promised on Kickstarter. It has been like, 2 or 3 years since the kickstarter ended and he's STILL working on filling all of the stuff out."
"Naughty Dog are set on making mature games for mature gamers such as themselves. As much as I enjoyed the Jak &amp; Daxter series, it's extremely unlikely that they'd make another.

http://www.gamnesia.com/news/naughty-dog-says-no-to-a-return-to-crash-bandicoot-or-jak-and-daxter#.VUT-l1VVhBc"
"I know for me its mostly just a desire to have another pure 3d platformer. The age of Spyro, Banjo, Mario* 64, and Crash were some of the best memories I've had in gaming. Those games were about having fun first, and everything else came second. 

We dont seem to see many 3d platformers now a days. They have sort of merged themselves into other genres instead of being a genre themselves."
"Like my question is,  people are throwing one at this project,  and that isn't even a big suprose.  I expected this to happen.  Why is Microsoft so adamant about not using their rare IPs when people obviously want them?  I'll never understand management."
"might not get a Jak 4. But I'd be very interested in a spiritual successor kind of treatment. Bring back the platforming and improve the gunplay, or just replace it with some other kind of combat. The exploration and level design really was top notch, and while the main characters weren't incredible, the supporting cast you did missions for was always interesting. Not to mention the art style inspired was an enormous inspiration for me. I'd be ok with a Jak and Ratchet resurgence. Those games had such character. "
"It seems like almost no one is making games like that anymore at the big-studio level, it's a different time now."
"I don't mind the five different characters, I just think that the collectibles should have been limited by abilities, i.e. ""only Tiny can get these bananas because they're in a narrow tunnel"", rather than just arbitrarily being ""DK can't pick up blue things"". And having fewer characters would have limited the abilities that each Kong could have without overcomplicating things.

As to why Tiny replaced Dixie, I wondered about that as well. [Giant Bomb](http://www.giantbomb.com/tiny-kong/3005-3308/) says Rare used DKC1 and new characters exclusively because of fan complaints, which makes some sense."
"I think the people behind Cities: Skylines said it best. In Simcity, the simulation followed the visuals, and in Cities: Skylines, the visuals follow the simulation. The agent system, in theory, could have been more realistic than a statistical system, but Maxis implemented it poorly. If it took the 3D sprite of an oil truck a week to cross your city streets, then your power plant went a week without oil. The fact that Sims' jobs and motives were randomized really destroyed immersion. The previous Simcity games actually had more fun and believable household than the supposedly realistic Glassbox engine."
"Please follow the subreddit rules. We don't allow low effort or off-topic comments *(jokes, puns, memes, reaction gifs, personal attacks or other types of comments that doesn't add anything relevant to the discussion)* in /r/Games.

You can find the subreddit rules here: http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/wiki/rules#wiki_rules"
"You guys. Listen to the samples of the soundtrack.
IT SOUNDS LIKE BANJO KAZOOIE!!! As a lover of Banjo Kazooie and Tooie, I'm getting chills right now listening to it.  :D :D :D"
"The agent system makes certain things much more enjoyable. But the SimCity team made a mistake by having everything use the agent system and therefore require inefficient pathing algorithms.

Did water, waste or electricity need to be modelled with agents? There's very little benefit to doing it.

On the other hand, cars and people being modelled individually feels much more realistic and makes traffic flow issues much more realistic."
"Chances are these stretch goals are things they already planned to implement, but if they don't promise them they don't have to deliver them and if they offer them as stretch goals they can encourage more people to donate.

For example, of course they were going to release the game on consoles.  They would potentially be throwing away millions if they didn't, and in this day and age porting isn't that hard.

That said, I don't know if a million dollars is enough to make the game properly, but I don't think they're going to end up with less than $3-5 million when all is said and done with."
"Yeah, but the way its implemented in CS doesn't really work, either. Also, the oil-power issue exists in skylines as well, but the resource chain system and management of it is basically non-existent and very, very simple (plus the balancing of services is terrible so you probably won't ever use an oil or coal power plant anyway).

Plus, instead of programming functioning traffic AI, they made it so that vehicles simply teleport where they're trying to go if they're too backed up...so poor AI + agents = traffic jams, and traffic jams + traffic jams = the game cheating for you to minimize consequences of poor planning, because chances are hte poor planning wasn't the only reason things are going wrong. It kind of attempts to sweep bad AI decisions under the rug. With good AI that truck would choose an alternate route after haring of crazy traffic, but the game *doesn't allow* for changing a route once it starts.

The AI at the core doesn't work with the agent system. It's a huge problem."
"I don't know why Valve doesn't just implement a system based on how long you've been friends with someone.

If you've been friends with them for longer than 6 months or something, you can freely gift them with no restrictions."
"Super Mario 64, one of the most groundbreaking platformers of all time, started development in 1995 and came out in 96.

Playtonic has said they're developing Yooka-Laylee like an N64 game, with a similar sized development team and game world. Because of the advancements in technology, they've also said they can do in days what used to take weeks or months. These are experienced game devs who know their ambitions and limitations. Since they already seemingly have a working game engine with some mechanics implemented, I don't doubt that they'll be able to deliver by the end of 2016, even with all the stretch goals. "
"Probably not any time soon. The gaming landscape has changed quite a lot since then, as have the direction of Naughty Dog. I love all the Jak games but I think they pretty neatly wrapped everything up for that series in Jak 3. "
"Was one of the best segments ever to show how hard even the ""easy"" job in rally. Its a shame they didn't do this kind of thing more often in Top Gear. "
"And I'd honestly call that an idiotic statement. Like, genuinely so. Games like Spyro, Crash, Banjo-Kazooie and Ape Escape still hold up to today's standards. In fact, there are no games in the current market even like them, which sucks."
"And then they made Haze.

Sorry to diminish your post. When you look at all of the things any of the TS instalments offered, it puts modern FPS to shame.

Read this article if you want to get mad: http://www.gamesindustry.biz/articles/2012-04-26-the-collapse-of-free-radical-design

We've lost a ton of great gamedev studios over the years, and Free Radical was one of the best."
"&gt;Can't popular injectors like Vorpx be allowed or whitelisted?

That's unfortunately not how it works. It checks if it is modified in any way, and determines if you get a ban.

There isn't really any way to 'whitelist' a memory injection. The game sees the file does not match up with what it should, that's all it sees. It doesn't matter what it is.

Regardless, even if you *could* whitelist memory injection like this, all it takes is the hacks/etc. injecting memory in that specific way to not be detected.

FWIW; You're being downvoted probably because the complaint you listed is a huge stretch that affects such a small number of players it's not really a complaint that is relevant to anyone but you."
That's odd because I thought the graphics of Wolfenstein were one of the best ever. I wonder why we have such a different perception on it.
"I know TS2 is often regarded as better among hardcore fans but the fact that they improved so heavily on the story aspect in Future Perfect really bumped the game up. Personally I'm quite glad they went with a more conventional aiming system too, although I'm sure many lament it!

So many good memories. And few things are more satisfying than working at a challenge/arcade for hours and finally getting a Platinum."
"Its in Unity. You literally hit the export button and it builds your project for everything from your toaster to a borg cube.

And then some shader looks out of place on Wii U and glitches, the background textures are discolored on OSX, and your NPCs are clipping through the floor on Windows..."
"Whoa. Your copy of Windwaker started you on Windfall Island with Dragon Roost music playing?! That's awesome!

^^Don't^hate^me"
"I don't really understand it either, but to me it's like Microsoft put out Banjo-Kazooie Nuts and Bolts and it didn't go over very well with fans (me included, it was awful). So Microsoft says ""ah well, sounds like people don't want Banjo games anymore!""

No, we WANT banjo games. We DONT want banjo games with cars, massive worlds with nothing in them, and the winning formula messed with."
"You said you don't want to talk about other games, but I'm going to do that anyway since it's important to not just focus on two games. 

Pretty much all of Dwarf Fortress is based on agents interacting with each other and with the world they're in. When done right, it's amazing. Sadly, when a fort keeps growing and growing, it eventually dies due to FPS death, meaning the game slows to a crawl since it's just too much to process. And that's with roughly 200 dorfs, a bunch of animals and cats, and perhaps some clowns hanging out somewhere nearby. You'd think that's not a lot, but DF keeps track of *everything*.

Cities Skylines doesn't go that far, obviously. But it does allow tracking of about 65.000 agents with ease. For the parts it does use agents, it works alright. Obvious faults are driving AI combined with emergency vehicles stuck in traffic. And it cheats in a bunch of places. However, for viewing traffic flow, it works wonders.

Agents provide more visible realism, even if it's actually an illusion in some cases. C:S does this well, since you won't notice the cars teleporting unless you're actively looking for it and tracking the cims (or reading about it on the internet). Once you're aware of these flaws, it might bother you, and in effect, the game might bother you since it appears shallow or pointless.

I don't think C:S has a heavy emphasis on agent-based gameplay. It uses agents as a tool to show you what's wrong with your city, and your city doesn't rely on agents to thrive. Whereas something like Dwarf Fortress, the agents *are* the fort, rather than a visual representation of the fort. Everything they do has a tangible result.

It becomes a matter of how accurate you want the agents to be, combined with how accurate you want the agents appear to be to the player. It all comes down to how much cpu you're willing to spend on your simulation, since that's the biggest limiting factor next to actually developing the simulation.

In the end it's all about the implementation and it varies per game. DF-level agents in C:S would be amazing, but it says nothing about how enjoyable it would make the game."
"It was neither particularly bad, nor outstanding. It was good as long as you didn't go close up on walls and what not."
"The game is already being made regardless.

This is an **ADDITIONAL** $1,513,890 (According to XE) to help with further platforms and goals, with a game built in a system designed to be exportable to multiple formats. 

It's more than reasonable."
"The Portal and Half-Life commentaries are brilliant. Now imagine them with these blokes and it'd be pretty enjoyable. They clearly love what they're doing, so it'd be a joy to listen to their insights for me, as well as many others I'm sure."
"But... does no one remember Chameleon Twist?
https://ksr-ugc.imgix.net/assets/003/697/783/43c09986aab0a35e8cf65f44bcbdc39e_original.png?v=1430302753&amp;w=700&amp;h=&amp;fit=max&amp;auto=format&amp;lossless=true&amp;s=7fab61a2b2a1bbe3728be7edbb333422
What about Chameleon Twist 2?
http://howlongtobeat.com/gameimages/196897_41872_front.jpg"
"The key is communication I think. But I also have a feeling that this won't be treated like ""usual"" kickstarters. There're some big names attached to this. People who have been in the gaming industry for decades. I believe that puts them in a slightly different light. Not that you won't still have complainers or whatever, but I think a lot of people putting money into this particular kickstarter will be a little more... lenient?"
"Except it doesn't actually make or break the city. It all balances out eventually. People die off, and new people replace them. Whole blocks can be wiped out, become abandoned, and then there's a high residential zone request so new stuff gets built and filled with new people. Stores complain, go out of business, and get replaced by new stores. There are no consequences other than a dent in tax income and the city keeps on thriving anyway in the long run.

Sure, you can run out of cash during this, that's the only 'bad' outcome that there is. If you can deal with that, there's no way a hearse-induced death wave will mean the end of your city."
"While that's true, they're only adding local multiplayer, which is much less work than online multiplayer."
"I think he likes them, they are a good story, and they do not contain the name The Walking Dead: Survival Instinct "
"Go talk to the people who have spent thousands on the ships. Ask them outright if they are ok with Javelins being available to every player. They absolutely are, and they would be the first ones to complain if they were put behind a grindwall. They didn't buy it to buy power, they paid money because they really want this game to be amazing. 

I think that this problem is the perception that star citizen is at all a F2P. Its not, its 60$, which gets you the MMO and the single player campaign. They will plan on having a cash shop, but I think the community is growing more and more ambivalent about that as a concept. The only reason the community was ok with that in the first place is because they agreed to put limits on the cash shop. Limits on how often you can use it, how much you can buy at any one time, and limits on how much you can have total.

Currently standing, the max ""wallet"" size isn't enough to get close to buying a big ship, assuming the credit price of the ships follows their store price in dollars using the dollars-&gt; credits ratio. The way the limits are set up, it would take weeks of ""grinding"" the cash shop to buy something like a Javelin Destroyer, weeks you could spend actually grinding credits in the game. 

I think unfortunately, the developers are surrounded by one of the most supportive communities in gaming. A community that sort of shields them from the perception outsiders have of them, so they've made some questionable recent calls. 

I think though, that in any MMO you have to balance achievement with fun. It would kind of suck, don't you think, if after 2 or 3 days of dedicated playing you could get the best ship in the game. You'd get incredibly bored. But if it took 8 months of 6 hours of playing a day, you'd get frustrated and leave.

The balance lies somewhere in the middle, and at least let the game *come out* before complaining about it being P2W. Its not like any one person can throw money at the screen to win. You need friends and allies to operate larger ships properly, and the right knowhow. Even in your big fancy ship, you can be taken out by a squad of people in much smaller (and cheaper) torpedo bombers. "
"Almost every good kickstarted game that has seen a polished release has been delayed, so no one would be even the least bit surprised at this point. "
"Kirkhope* but yeah, phenomenal work he has done and I'm incredibly happy they got him for this. The #1 thing that reboots fuck up the most is not sticking to the same musical tone.

Clearly these guys recognize how much the music contributes to the aesthetic."
"Man the only thing that came close on consoles was halo 3 and reach with custom games, forge, and firefight. Future Perfect was my most played game on the Xbox. Some of the most entertaining multiplayer ever."
"i think some of these guys (or at least, guys from rare) did a lets play series of Conker's Bad Fur day where they talk about their time working on the project.

Its pretty great, I highly recommend it (its on youtube somewhere)"
"Well yeah. You can't just come out and say we are so goddamn awesome! You guys are gunna give us sooooooo much money!!! Even if you are awesome, and we are willing to pour money down their throats. People like a bit of humility. "
"It was a great game on its own, but what people wanted was Banjo-Threeie and just got an awesome vehicle building game with the BK license slapped on it."
They even said that the game was going to happen even if the kickstarter failed (which was never going to happen). More money just means they can hire more people and actually have a chance of meeting that Oct '16 goal. 
"People fail to realize that buying ships is a compromise. It makes the test-alpha p2w but if they don't sell ships they won't get the $150+ million they need to make a fully fledged mmo. 

GTA V - $137 million (prob  higher, source from 2013)

SWTOR - $200 million

Destiny - $140 million

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_most_expensive_video_games_to_develop

There are no large budget space sims never mind a hybrid-genre space mmo. No publisher would fund that and no investors would fund to the tune of $150+million. Good luck getting a loan that large too. That leaves crowd funding. If they only sell games packages they would only have $31 million. Adding the usual crowd funding goals like studio tours and t-shirts would not get them the extra $100+ million on top of that. 

They only way to provide people enough value so that the community will fund the full project is to sell ships. They are the main thing that gets people interested.

Yeah, it sucks that someone can buy a super-hornet and beat an Aurora in the dog-fight testing or that on day one of the full launch some people will start as if they had played 2 months already. However it's either that or the game doesn't get made. 

As /u/ReLirium said CIG listen. They are very connected to the community. They communicate and put out more far more material than any other devs including crowd favorites like CD-Projekt Red and the Cities Skylines team. They have earned my trust responding to past issues and when they say that they won't have ship selling in the final game and that purchasing credits will have strict time-volume limits.

"
"How much of that was solely from JonTron? :P

For real, though, I've had a 3D collect-a-thon platformer itch in desperate need of scratching for some time now. I'm glad I'm not alone. "
"Yeah, Grant Kirkhope was the Banjo-Kazooie composer, as well as working on Viva Piñata, and GoldenEye 007. "
"To this day I have vivid dreams of the way the ""zombie"" part of the story played through. The fucking stag, the ghosts, those giant beasts,.... it was fucking amazing.

Also, the Maps! God damn, the Maps!! It varied from frozen lakes, to wild west, from jungle to tron, from undead crypt to steampunk airship. The extreme range of artstyles is to this day unmatched (unless the community created it by themselves). Id love to play it again, but finding a copy in my area is almost impossible (or far too expensive).

Thanks OP for bringing it back to my mind."
"I still believe TimeSplitters 2 is the best. It's much more reminiscent of GoldenEye and Perfect Dark, only better in every way. The controls are snappy and precise. The story missions (when played on normal or hard) are tough, but fair. The graphics hold up well, and the soundtrack is excellent. I could go on about how great that game is. It holds up incredibly well.

As great as Future Perfect is, I feel it was a bit of a step down. It just didn't seem as polished...definitely not the near perfection that is TimeSplitters 2."
"There's a fan made HD, online multiplayer remake currently being developed called Timesplitters: Rewind. It's going to be free to play on PC and eventually PS4. Check out some of the map previews on youtube and /r/timesplitters"
"Making a game in Unity is kind of like web development. The promise is your code will run and work the same on all platforms, but that's not reality. There's always something you're going to have to do on a per-platform basis to make it work as expected.

So yeah, Unity is a huge time saver and makes cross-platform development much easier... but it's also not magic.

There are also lots of platform-specific features which need to be put together for each platform. Achievements, online play, friend lists, unique hardware features, etc etc"
"**Thief: Deadly Shadows (PC)**
-

Released in 2004 by the same studio that made Deus Ex: Invisible War, Thief: Deadly Shadows is the third game in the series. Unlike the previous entries, this one is not a PC exclusive, and was simultaneously released for the original Xbox. 

I mention this because it's something you can tell from the level sizes and the somewhat troublesome controls. I used the [Thief Deadly Shadows Gold -mod](http://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=143659) to eliminate the loading screens from the missions, and it worked fine. However, you could still tell where the loading screens would've been, as the levels had some bottleneck locations, and the overall size still doesn't match the original games. 

As a new addition to the series, Deadly Shadows has a city hub where you can explore and loot buildings, sell the loot acquired from missions and replenish your supplies. There are also some optional side missions to be found. This hub-based pacing has both its benefits and shortcomings. I quite enjoyed exploring the hub for some more relaxed thieving between more controlled missions and the hub ties itself decently enough to the story, but the non-linearity means it's very easy to ""overachieve"" in the game.

In the originals, different gadgets and livesavers cost a ton of money and you could never afford everything you wanted. This really added to the gameplay, as you had to play really cautiously and had to come up with good solutions to save your resources. You always had barely enough money to pay the rent and continue thieving. In DS, I never came anywhere near running out of tools or money. This is a result of the hub: as there's plenty of items to steal and sell, the expenses can't really keep up, and thus this constant pressure to steal a ton of loot is gone.

Released 4 years after Thief 2, you can definitely tell what a big leap was made in technology in that time. The visuals have never been a strong point for the old games, but the improvement in graphics is very noticeable and is a very welcome addition. In a game where the balance between light and shadow is vital, [good lighting](http://i.imgur.com/svS4IBm.jpg) can add so much to the atmosphere. In addition to the graphics, the game also feels the need to show off with its physics, and that works nowhere as well. I'm sure having ragdoll bodies was a must-have feature to any game, but unfortunately it wasn't pulled off well enough. Walking over bodies can be a massive pain in the ass and can in the worst case completely block your movement, the game is really strict on where you can place a body, for example stacking bodies is not allowed, and it all comes across as really awkward. 

And man, awkward doesn't even begin to describe my first impression with the controls. I absolutely detested them at first: Garrett does not turn instantly according to your mouse: instead, Garrett has a fixed turn speed. At least changing where you look works with no delay, but if you want to turn 180 degrees, Garrett first has to do a small semi-circle. This delay, despite its relative smallness is really jarring, and the worst happens when you're on a very narrow ledge: there's often no room to turn and you end up falling to your death. Thankfully, there aren't all that many narrow ledges to begin with.

Not only is turning bothersome, even running up stairs can be irritating. Each step is modelled individually, so instead of running up a slope, Garrett will stop at each step for a microsecond. Again, such a basic feat that's far too clunky.  But, God help you if you ever decide to jump. I swear, without exaggurating, 25% of my jumps end without a landing animation, which means I'm stuck in the falling stance, unable to jump, crouch or walk, and the only possible redemption is to find a small ledge where to drop off and this time land properly. It's fucking astonishing how poorly jumping works. Not only that, but ledge detection leaves much to improve on too: grabbing a ledge require you to hit the ledge at the right angle, height and distance, with barely any room for error. If you decide to walk on a ledge, having even a small part of one of your feet outside the platform can make you fall without the possibility to grab the ledge. Yay.

Those are pretty much my biggest issues with the game. The controls are *worse* than in a game from 1998, it's a pretty impressive feat. Other than that, it's quite similar to the earlier Thief games, except with better visuals and audio and worse everything else. It's frustrating to see a game stumble where the precedessors did perfectly fine, but it didn't ruin the whole experience for me, and it's still a game worth trying out after the first two. I like the setting, the protagonist, the adorably daft guards, even the cute accents and voice acting. I like being a dick ass thief who knocks out every single person he sees and steals their stuff.

My wishes for the sequel are to abandon the lovely attitude, the expansive levels and the freedom of movement, and replace them with try-hard grimdark humorless edgelords, restrictive movement mechanics where you can't even jump unless the devs OK it, cinematic takedowns to make me feel badass and of course more cinematic storytelling! 

No but seriously, [Styx: Master of Shadows](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qmi4wUpDNjs) is an alright replacement for Thief fans. Might not be first-person but it's stealth in big levels with a fun protagonist.

*Thief: Deadly Shadows took 15 hours to complete on Expert*."
"I already work for a living, I don't need to work when I *play games*. That's the opposite of fun. The moment *play* starts to feel like *work*, I lose interest. "
"Those are what I was immediately reminded of when I first saw this, and I wouldn't be surprised if Yooka's design was inadvertently subtly inspired by them. On the other hand, [a moderately anthropomorphic chameleon who stands upright](http://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Kecleon_%28Pok%C3%A9mon%29) shows up fairly often."
"&gt;on day one of the full launch some people will start as if they had played 2 months already

its either the players do that or the npcs will instead, no matter if its day1 or 10th year running, someone joining in fresh will always be dwarfed by others with more progression, like signing up to wow and expecting to see no level 100 or whatever "
"**Final Fantasy Origins: FF1**

I just beat FF1 today, and while enjoyable, a lot of the game felt like a chore. A decent amount of grinding is necessary to get through portions of the game breezily. 

I liked the game's mechanics when it came to spell casting, although it made the game harder it added a good amount of strategy and planning to get through a dungeon without having to come up to rest at an inn and restore your spells.

The game is difficult to get through without a walkthrough, as it expects you to talk to every single NPC and put some of what they say together to know where to go and what to do. Also to figure out how to navigate some of the dungeons that are mazes to get through, the last dungeon especially.

Good game overall, was enjoyable, and I'm glad I now see how far the franchise has come. 

**Final Fantasy IX**

I played Final Fantasy IX three years ago, but a lot of what went on in the game has slipped my mind. As I can't remember it entirely, I can't really compare it to the other FFs that are fresher in my mind, but I expect it to be my favorite in the franchise that I've played so far (bar Tactics). The game has such charm and character, and the music is the best of any FF. I like the mechanics when it comes to abilities, SP, Trance, etc. 

I'm definitely looking forward to playing through it again, and actually beating it this time. I got stuck on the last boss the first time and never finished it. This time I'm gonna get through all of it.

I'm only at the Ice Cavern, so I'm really early on, but this game is definitely as great as I remember."
"Basically, a good game, but not a good Banjo game. It's a shame that so many people just go straight to quoting JonTron whenever it gets brought up, while I'm like ""When I bought the game I built an Arwing and blew up Mr. Patch. That was pretty cool.""

Another unpopular opinion seems to be Starfox Adventures. I thought that was a decent game, but it was a really shitty Starfox game."
"TS2, as an arena shooter, will always be better in my mind. FP nailed singleplayer though. It's fantastic still to this day.

Edit: You should all install Dolphin and find a Future Perfect ISO right now, it really is great. Especially with a Mayflash adapter and a Gamecube controller!"
"I've played through the first 2 episodes of **The Wolf Among Us** so far. For me, the game just oozes style and I really like the neon/noir aesthetic, its just so damn cool. Also it has a really engaging story with a unique setting and a soundtrack that mixed well with the noir/neon style. The voice acting is very high quality too and the qte's feel very appropriate for a point and click like this. Characters were interesting too and I like trying to guess which fairy tale  each character was from. "
"# The Witcher 2 (PC)

I finally completed this game after leaving it half finished for nearly four years. I have a hard time really categorizing my feelings on this game due to the insane break that happened with my playtime. On one hand I had my memories of Witcher 1 and of playing TW2 earlier. I distinctly remember loving it. On the other hand, when playing it last week I really thought a lot of the stuff was bland, combat was too easy (turns out I played on Easy so it was easy!), and the story never hooked me. However, by the end of the game, I was really starting to get into it again only for it to abruptly finish. 

I don't really have much more to say than that. I do not recommend putting a four year break in the middle of a playthrough of a lore heavy RPG. In any case I'm now really looking forward to The Witcher 3. I'm researching my options and getting ready to buy a new GPU in preparation. Funnily enough my previous upgrade was in 2011 and in preparation for TW2.

# Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon (PC)

Despite the fact that I was born in the late 80s, I never really had an affection for 80s/early 90s B movies. I know about them and recognized it but that's it. So I went in not expecting much with FC3: Blood Dragon. 

All I can say is that this game nails the setting perfectly. The ridiculous VHS/TV settings, horribly great dialogue, ridiculously one dimensional characters, fucking laser sharks (!!), to quite possibly the best tutorial of all time. I'm absolutely loving playing this game and foresee myself trying to liberate all outposts.

# Super Smash Bros (Wii U)

Just been playing through a whole bunch of events and trying to unlock challenges. "
"That's one study, on a particular set of movies, where females on the poster sold more. It's hardly conclusive to all formats and all genres. Also, you could easily say that a female Thor comic sold more because it's different and more fresh, compared to the amount of standard Thor comics there are out there.

I'm fairly sure these game companies will do whatever their data tells them will sell more, not that they just want guys on the cover because they're used to it.

I dunno, maybe ones with females on the cover are more likely to outsell ones that don't, but I doubt that they're not taking their data into consideration for maximum sales."
"Still can't get over **Bloodborne**, the game is just incredible. One would think chalice dungeons would get boring after awhile, but they're honestly addicting."
"&gt; I didn't even try Jak 3 after that

Oh man, really? Jak 3 was sooo good, a great finale to the series. Admittedly though, it was very much based on his predecessor so I'm not sure you would have liked it."
"**Dragon Age Inquisition (PS4)**

I was a fan of Dragon Age: Origins, probably my favorite game of 2009 along with Batman Arkham Asylum. With Inquistion, there are times I really enjoy it and times I get bored. First of all the story and characters are in my opinion of the same quality as DA:O, they're really good but not outstanding like the cast in Mass Effect 2 for example. 

The combat is fine, it's not that engaging but it's not completely dull either. I'm playing as a Knight-Enchanter, so it's magic but at a close distance. The boring part is exploring the world, and the many repetitive quests that inhabit it. None of the larger areas are that interesting in my opinion, and they just feel like filler. It's almost like I should just stick to the main story, as those areas are mostly unique and one-time trips.

**Rayman Legends (Vita)**

I love this game, one of my favorite platformers ever with great levels, amazing art and an awesome soundtrack. But I'm only playing it still because I'm trying to reach the last level of Awesomness, which requires me to come back day after day to do the daily challenges and once a week, the weekly challenges. I'm 400 points away though, so in a few weeks I'll finally be able to move on.

**Freedom Wars (Vita)**

I'm not that into monster hunting games, mainly cause I never owned the system to play them(until now). But I've spent quite some time with Freedom Wars and enjoy it well enough. It does drag on a bit with certain battles, but the visuals are great enough that it doesn't look boring at least. I'm near the end of the story I think, problem was that I had to do three operations in a row, and the last one had a huge spike in difficulty which got me killed(the first time I ever failed an operation). Wouldn't be a big deal, except I have to redo the other two operations again which is about 90 minutes of gameplay.

I've taken a break from it the past week, but will get back to it soon enough. The story itself isn't that special, but the concept is very cool. Basically you're imprisoned for a million years and have to work of your sentence. You start as a low-level sinner(that's what the prisoners are called), where even laying down on your bed grants some extra years to your sentence. As you progress, you're able to buy entitlements which allow you to rest, run, even talk to people of the opposite gender."
"I probably would have agreed with you back when they came out, but now that i've had a chance to play both games within the context of this generation, I'm convinced Future Perfect made quite alot of necessary improvements over TS2. 

For me, the inclusion of conventional aiming, full animations for guns and characters, plus a more diverse and cinematic campaign, they are all things which Free Radical absolutely did right in pursuing.

I also think the inclusion of objective based multiplayer maps and the huge amount of improvements to map maker deserve a mention.  "
"**BloodBorne**

I decided to take on PVP for once. I finally feel that after two souls games, that I can manage it. I always felt that I didn't have enough skill or knowledge of the games in order to be competitive Dark Souls 1 or 2. it was a mircle I would come out of a fight alive and I HATED invaders when I was learning to play in Dark Souls 1. After fighting a super tough NPC Bloodborne Hunter, (not a giant monster, my size, holding a weapon, and super tough) I learned how to duel with my Kirkhammer, which is this amazing sword/hammer combo. I realize I'm 20 hours into the game and still discovered a new move with my hammer. 

I think I was about 5 wins 5 losses today which is pretty good for me.

I've even been playing a bit of a dick too, which I never do, it's kinda fun. Sneaky Sneaky and then.... SUPRISE HAMMER! "
"Towards the end they kind of succumbed to the Mythbusters effect where it's less and less about what made the show interesting and decays into ""wow, moar 'splosions"". Even in the last two specials they all seemed to not be having much fun anymore."
"I've been writing essays like fuckin' cray cray so I don't got no time to fuckin' play play.

**Sleeping Dogs (Ps4)**

I've been rewarding myself with like 30 minutes of Sleeping Dogs for every essay page I write. Which means I've played like 30 minutes of Sleeping Dogs and spending a lot of time on Reddit. But I still super love this game so far and want to play more of it.

**Kung Fu Strike: The Warrior's Rise (PC)**

Got this in a bundle or something. A surprising amount of fun, but way to hella difficult."
Pretty sure it has always been sold as a donation platform and that those who have bought the ships are fully aware of this.
"For me, while multiplayer was better in 2, I felt that bot-fights were better in FP as on 2 they had an alarming habit of ignoring each other to just focus on you."
"If you grew up playing JRPGs you were practically trained to play a game alongside faqs/wiki's/strategy guides, the majority of them flat out required external sources to obtain or even find things like ultimate weapons/vehicles/ect. Hell, some entire game concepts and systems would never actually be explained in the games themselves, way back even before the age of wiki's. 

Remember the Golden Chocobo in FF7? A thing that was literally impossible to get without reading how to get it because the entire system to obtain one doesn't have a single line of dialog in the entire game? It goes back even further then that and that proud tradition still continues to this day, play a Neptunia game without a guide and see how badly you fuck yourself over out of tons of mission critical upgrades and area's.

People have been taught that they need to look up everything or their going to miss content and upgrades. "
"It hasn't changed that much in gaming IMO, but what is has done is kind of ruin surprises and can make certain aspects of the game seem less mysterious.

But if devs cared enough they could just encrypt the files sufficiently so people can't as easily datamine them. There's something happening in Elite Dangerous at the moment which is pretty interesting and on-topic.

Someone found an unknown artefact and thought nothing of it, but posted a screenshot to show the massive value of it before having sold it (the value was at 220k Cr, most ''high-end'' commodities cost 18k  Cr), then one of the devs popped up and asked him if he listened to it, and this combined with the recently revealed ''That are non-celestial things to find in deep space'' caused a massive search for these unknown artefacts, which has so far been unsuccessful. In relation to the topic, what upset some of the devs is that someone actually file swapped the model and texture for the unknown artifact for a very common in-game item and the results were interesting, it revealed a very organic, intricate looking ''thing'' which drove hype even more, but of course, this sort of ruined the magic of actually finding the legitimate thing."
"I'm really not a fan of it, it's a real negative cost to something when it's PC ported. It's still for the best, of course, but until the PC rereleases of Spelunky, no one knew what the eggplant did, and on the first few days someone hacked the game to find out what it did. People also weren't convinced that the Pendant in Dark Souls did nothing until people datamined and discovered that it in fact, did completely nothing.

However, these days, these things are bound to be found out pretty extensively anyway. For example, in Bloodborne, there is a pretty ridiculous secret. [Spoiler](#s ""Where doing the 'make contact' gesture in front of the Brain of Mensis for about 30 seconds, when the gesture changes slightly, gives you a special rune, which suggests you made contact with a great one."") This secret is somewhat as ridiculous as using strength on the truck in pokemon red to get Mew, albeit it works, yet it was still found without datamining within about a day or two of release, even though there are only very small allusions to it, and the guide had not yet been released.

I do feel that when you have secrets of a very high calibre the internet can be fun about it though. Seeing something like the aformentioned spoiler or say, the developer's room from Chrono Trigger, is something that can be shared and expand someone elses experience.

So it's a two way street. At the same time as ruining some of the magic of the biggest questions of the game, the internet also allows the secrets of the game to be shared more greatly in my opinion, which is fun in it's own right."
"**GTA V** (PC Edition)

What a fantastic port, of a fantastic game. As a fan of GTA IVs story (I felt like the only one), it's nice to see Rockstar continue to actually write creative narrative and fun, interesting characters. Even one shot side characters with no major bearing are fun to see, listen to, and in some cases, forcibly tattoo genitals on their chest. I feel like this is the level all ports should aim for, and, with GTAs phenomenal success in sales, hopefully will spur on further developers to actually give a shit about PC. Which, brings me to my next one.

**Mortal Kombat X** (PC)

Let me be blunt in saying WHAT A LOAD OF SHIT. Netherrealm has proven yet again they are quite willing to whore out their content to a subpar studio that has majorly fucked up multiple times with theirs, and other IPs, creating bug riddled, non QA tested, and downright awful ports of their games. I REALLY want to like Mortal Kombat X. I really really really do. But with the way it is, I believe it will be my last purchase witholding either an inhouse port, or a new developer doing the port (which will be subject to INTENSE scrutiny before purchasing). Whats worse is that this is compounded to the AngryJoe interview where Ed Boon flat out says 'It's going to be a great port, great netcode.' I understand he would not commit the sin of saying it will be bad, but, damn, he had the ability to give it to a more competent studio than High Voltage Shovelware."
"That is a fair point.. My oldest brother was a huge JRPG player, and games beyond SNES we almost always had a strategy guide that he would thoroughly read. I suppose I just hadn't considered it."
"So after reading the comments here is what I see. There are the people who are incredibly skeptical about how a game can have this pre launch model and not expect a grind fest or p2w at launch and after and there are the people who genuinely believe that this game is different from anything we have seen.

Those are the two extremes, and they both have valid points, the people who have faith in the game are probably more informed but also more invested, where the people who are skeptical are basing their opinions off of what they have seen with other games and other crowdfunded projects.

We can only wait and see really, until the game is actually released there are only a few people who know what will actually happen.
"
"I love TS2 for all the reasons the OP stated about Future Perfect. That's partly why I believe TS2 will be remembered more; for being the great content filled and extremely replayable game that it was that just sucked you in and was very addicting.

Future Perfect just added onto that, but for me, TS2 was the game I sank more time in and had the most fun with"
"I guess the original Ace of Spades before Jagex fucked it up trying to implement a completely different game.

I've played Block n Load a bit during the free weekend and honestly I find it to be actually fairly fun, albeit very dependant on your team actually knowing on what they're doing. It's very hard to push into a enemy base or defend your own when your team isn't placing any of the Radar blocks or resupply blocks.

I think they did learn with what went wrong with Ace of Spades, it just currently seems like all the baggage from that fuck up will proably sink this game too, along with the rather saturated market for Minecraft-y shooters."
"I feel like you're focusing too hard on the comedy aspect. Yes, it's more prevalent, but it's hardly something to write off all the improvements they made on the SP side of things. 

To me, the comedy is part of the charm of Timesplitters, it's always been a colorful and camp franchise from the get-go. The higher focus on comedy isn't as big as you're making it out to be. "
"Finally got around to playing **Alien Isolation** and literally finished it about an hour ago.

Man, what an awesome game that was. I absolutely loved it. I heard a lot of people say it was too long but I really didn't feel that way at all. Maybe it's because I beat it over the span of about 2 weeks, doing roughly 1 mission per night (there's 18 total, 19 really but the last one isn't really a mission) and I thought that was really the perfect pacing. 

I thought the AI for the Alien was awesome. The really perfectly toed the line between it being a tiny bit too random and dynamic to where sometimes it'd just come out of nowhere to kill you and it felt a little bit cheap, but also allowing you to basically survive ~90% of the encounters if you played it correctly. So carefully sticking to that line made it actually feel like a terrifying and unpredictable animal that could kill you at any second. They also didn't make the entire game about you just sneaking around hiding from the alien, cause that definitely would have gotten old. I appreciate that they broke it up.

All in all it took me about 20 hours to beat the game and I thought that was perfect. I loved the excruciating attention to detail they put in the aesthetics. The nailed the look and feel of the movies and the general idea of that series vision of future technology. I loved all the little minigames and very well done hand animations as you interacted with the various generators/machines/terminals etc. 

I may be on a post game high, but I've been stewing on this for a while as I've been playing and this has got to be my GOTY for 2014 (and the best game I've played this year as well). I love how bold it was for a AAA game. And  by bold I mean it honestly pushes up against what you would call 'fun', as it is often an extremely stressful, and unpleasant experience, just like getting chased by a god damn alien in space would be. I love that they did that instead of playing it safe. In addition, I just loved the attention to detail, and the well paced story and atmosphere. There were also several breath taking 'set piece moments', when you do something like set off a generator, blow up some huge thing, or set off some chain reaction that always just looks incredible, and were generally the highlights of the game for me.
"
"The benefit of disappearing cars was that it helped keep the source of the problem visible. If cars didn't disappear, then the problem would spread to the point where the origin is hard to find. So for Colossal Order, it was less about ""minimizing consequences of poor planning"" and more about keeping players able to solve the problem. (If Colossal Order enhanced the game's traffic diagnosis tools, like some [mods](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=408092246&amp;searchtext=traffic) have, then the disappearing cars would possible be less necessary.)

But I think your final point still stands. If the AI was more keen on route switching, then the traffic jams would be more contain (because cars are using up more lanes) and the need to disappear cars would be diminished. However, if what CO says is true about the amount of processing power needed to allow cars to route switch mid-drive, then disappearing cars might be a necessary evil. 

(Now I'm not sure if the cars disappearing has consequences, but if they don't they should. Maybe drivers who disappear would bring reduce happiness to their category.)

I would completely agree though that resource management is non-existent or at least completely unimportant to manage. I never used the resource management view at all when I played and I never had a resource management issues. A player could reach the final milestone and not realize that system was their.

(Also I have been thinking about the whole simulation vs agent issue for a while, so I look forward to reading your whole post when I get a chance.)"
"There's definitely a downside to it. The most recent example I can think of is with Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, where people datamined what was supposed to be a super hidden character within a week.

Edmund McMillen said:
&gt;It's disheartening. It sucks because we're gonna start working on an expansion soon, but we sure as hell aren't gonna fucking take all the time that it took - especially with Simon, who tried his best to really bury the stuff so it would deter people from doing this, but all they see is a challenge, so they're going to dive right in and do it anyway. I can say right now that I don't think the expansion is going to feature any buried secrets that anybody will care about.

I'm sure his sentiment is shared. It only takes one person to dig up what you buried, and all your efforts are for nothing. It's inevitable, so why bother?

To me, personally, I think that you make your own experience. If I wanna spend hours upon hours trying random things to get ultimate weapons in a JRPG, I can do that. Just because someone wrote an extensive FAQ doesn't mean I have to read it.

I think it'd be better if developers followed that reasoning, and had these hidden things for those who wanted it. And if people wanna skip to the good part, just let them."
The flagrant disregard for copyright combined with using the name [StarForce](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/StarForce) is really just too awesome.
"OP, you forgot to mention that the entire single player campaign could also be played Co-Op with a friend. So many fond memories from that game."
"I haven't backed yet, but at this point it looks like it's extremely well funded so I'd rather just wait for the final game to come out then pay full price, these guys deserve it."
"I finished **Final Fantasy 9** for the first time last week. I loved each of the characters in some way. Personal favourite was Quina. The way he was so disconnected from the ongoing events gave the game some self awareness that really heightened my enjoyment at poignant moments. The game looks charming, the game sounds charming, if you could smell it, it would probably smell charming.What I loved? 



**The characters**. Each character was enjoyable to use, enjoyable to have around and enjoyable to watch progress through the story. Even the characters I wasn't too fond of like Amarant and Eiko I ended up using for the last boss because there was a great balancing of usefulness and vivid characterisation. 

**The locations**. Everything just stands out in this game! I'm terrible with names but what springs to mind is The Lifa tree, the Library, That rainy rat town! The Castle towns! The windmill! The City in the Tornado. Everything was just vibrant and colourful. 

**The Combat mechanics!** The amount of flexibility this game gives you in terms of end game abilities is real motivation to keep playing! Do I want everyone to have auto-cure? Or Should I just bring Freya and blast out Reis's wind first turn? Do I want Carbuncle to auto haste everyone? Or should I leave it on Reflect incase of a particularly difficult enemy. Should I keep cover on my tank characters or should I just keep auto-life on the healer? Endgame combat was a lot of fun. 

**Status effects.** This links into the above category a little, but this game had some of the best execution of status effects I've ever seen. At the start I thought it was way over done. Reading about the different status effects and how they affect you seemed just confusing as fuck. Later on as they slowly seep into the combat you start to realise how much spice they add to the game. There's enough of them that it doesn't ever overwhelm you. I didn't even get hit by zombie status until the last boss. There's a real threat behind some of them and it stops you from just holding circle through the battles. As soon as I entered a new area I was scoping out the enemies through detect and being hit to see what status heal items I was getting and then i knew how to adapt my abilities to the oncoming threat. I also felt that battles in general went on a little longer than the rest of the final fantasy games and this made using status effects and defending against them palatable. 


**The Cutscenes**. They looked beautiful. They weren't over done, and were dotted sparingly enough throughout the game. Every time the storyline lost a little bit of traction, boom! Imagination blowing cutscene to drag you by the eyeballs back into the magic of FFIX's world and story. 



**The Storyline**. The storyline covers a lot of breadth without ever feeling crammed. It could have easily been 4 or 5 different games each with their own complex story. It's almost like a play. There are different acts with different recurring characters. Each character seemed like they had enough of a reason to be doing what they were doing and I loved that. In particular, Vivi and Garnet's storyline were quite strong.

**Steal**. The steal skill was really good in this! For the first time ever in a FF game! If an enemy hit you with a negative status effect, steal away! You'll probably get the right item to heal it off him. You got some great gear off each boss and it increased the difficulty of those bosses just enough to make the reward worthwhile. Do I kill this guy fast? Or do try stay alive for long enough to steal his best equipment.  


 *My complaints though:*

**The world map** felt really dull and lifeless, some spots more than others. I think the high encounter rate detracted from the game a huge amount. It added to the emptiness of the world map and it softened the impact of any quick paced storyline tension. 



**This game's combat is slow!** That includes with the emulator on fast forward. It's so slow and the encounter rate was so high.If I knew I'd have to go back through an area with enemies so I'd just put down the game for a few days. Coupled with the slightly longer than normal Final Fantasy game battles and the whole thing becomes a drag. 

**Some of the abilities took way too long to learn!** It was a pain and it was dull! I'm getting all this cool new gear and I can't use it because I have to wait 50 more battles to grind out my current gear!



All in all, my favourite Final Fantasy so far. I don't think I liked it as much as FF7 when I was playing it, but looking back my memories are fonder. Battles should be a lot less frequent and a little longer. They'd have some impact then because the great combat system can often feel wasted because of how monotonous it gets. It makes the player want to find a way to just get through the battles in as few presses as possible. Strategising using all the unique combat elements would have been much preferred. "
"Jagex does what they do best. Drive it face first into the ground. The best time was right before Valentines came out. Then the DLC and ""balances"" ruined it. Then they abandoned and forked it, making B+L"
"I recently got my hands on an used **2DS**, so my main playing time is dedicated to that little thing

Of course I bought a few games (and also got some from my little sister)
First I bought **Smash Bros.** for my 2DS. My first Smash up to this date. I never owned Nintendo consoles when they were ""in"" so the only contact with Smash Bros on N64 or GC was at friends houses. Smash for the 3DS feels very very good. And overall solid game in which I can dive in for half an hour and have fun. No big deal, no story, no ""firlefanz"". I like it.


The second game I bought: **Omega Ruby**. I am an Pokemon player since day one. I played through Blue, Yellow, Silver, the original Ruby and so on. Only games I missed were HeartGold-era and the X and Ys. 
At the time coming out I ADORED Ruby on the Advance. It was like a Pokemon game got mature. I hoped to capture that feeling again with OR. Did not work completely. IMO it's just way too easy. I have 2 badges and my Main Pkmn is already lvl 30. Followed by my other Pkmn all in mid-20s. Even though I skipped a trainer here and there and did not grind on wild Pkmn at all.
I guess the EP-thing is the main point here. Some say I should turn it off. But I like the idea of having it. It just needed to be a bit more challenging. 
ALso the story is a bit of a lackluster up until now. Or maybe this is just because I get older and realize it IS a game suited to children (Which isn't a bad thing at all, dont get me wrong). Anyway, I am thinking about selling it while it is still quite ""fresh"" on the market.


Third game bought today: **Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate**.
I am 4 hours in and I LOVE it. I had MH freedom for my old PSP years ago and wasn't impressed. But everybody told me 4 would be way better and a very good game. So today I bit the bullet and bought Ultimate used for 29 Dollars.
The graphics are very fine for a 3DS game. The combat controls are a bit ""meh"" at the beginning, but start to really be fun. Just like Dark Souls IMO. The quests are good and have a nice variety. And I really dig the story and whole style of the game. The story itself isn't THAT phenomenal. It is ok. But the whole world it creates with its characters (and cats) with their own accents and insider jokes is wonderful. I hope it stays like this for the next couple of hundred hours ;)


So, this was my week.
"
"No, a game cannot be objectively good. What is good for one player is not good for every other player.

You're asking for a subjective analysis. There is no scientific benchmark by which game mechanisms are weighed.

""Objectively"" one could state what a game contains, but it would not give you anything that a description of the game couldn't.

Whether or not something is done ""well"" is an opinion. Regardless of how many people share the opinion, it does not make it objective fact, as it won't always be shared and cannot be proven.

An example of objectivity would be to say ""the game contains building, and shooting."" As soon as you add a subjective descriptor like ""good building and shooting,"" you've left the realm of objectivity, and you are sharing an opinion.

Though, there sure are a lot of people in here who apparently desperately desire for their opinions to be validated by being viewed as objective because others agree with them. Kind of creepy. If your opinion on something is based on understanding flimsy enough to be shaken by the lack of consensus from other perspectives, maybe you need to think harder before you come to a conclusion on something.

I guess that would require a little bit of work though, so maybe not the best option."
The thing about Rebirth's secret was the community was very very close to figuring out that secret before the datamining. They had everything except for what needed to kill them so it only sped up a day or two of brute forcing it. My point being datamining or not with internet makes it so you have a massive pool of players who will work on finding secrets rather than a smaller group working off rumors so it doesn't take nearly as long to brute force them anymore. Hard to hide secrets when you have thousands of people capable of talking in threads about parts of it they've found and piecing it together rather than that one person doing it entirely alone. If anything though that feels like an advantage it brings the community together with a common goal of cracking the secret.
"Please remember this game was made by Jagex.    
The same people who turned ace of spades, a game that originally had a good direction into a Minecraft CoD clone with DLC.     
They ruined that game, and im sure they will ruin this one"
jesus over 800% funded and they still needed to fund the second half of the game. if it was only 100% funded what would've happened? Would the game just be a single button? 
"Don't hate on Nuts and Bolts. :(  It wasn't ever meant to be a Banjo game from the start.  The concept and outcome of it was so great but the fact that most people bought it because it was the next Banjo game lowered the overall perception.

The game was more than fine if you looked at it alone, and not as a Banjo game.

BTW:  Yes I've played both 1 and 2 religiously as a kid."
"No, Skyrim and Fallout devs have/had nothing to do with ESO. There's Bethesda Softworks, which *publishes* ESO; there's Zenimax Online Studios, which *develops* ESO; there's Bethesda Game Studios, which developed Skyrim and Fallout 3 and has *nothing to do with* ESO; and there's Zenimax Media, which is the parent company of all the preceding."
"People who bitch about Broken Age are so obnoxious. Even in the original pitch video, Schafer said that the whole thing might turn out to be a disaster... that was the point of the documentary. It wasn't a disaster though. It took longer than expected because it ended up being more ambitious than originally planned. In the end, everything turned out just swell. Pretty good adventure game, pretty interesting documentary. I'd call that a success.

I'm amazed by how much whining goes on with crowd funding. I think it's one of the best things to happen for indie developers and gamers, myself."
"I really like the way the Souls series does it. At most you lose 10 seconds of progress, and it all but eliminates save scumming. Although, I don't think this method would work in many games, especially not games that take more than an instant to save the data.

Apart from that, I much prefer the ability to save anywhere."
"I would prefer save anywhere, so long as it isn't implemented in a manner that breaks the game. I think this has been a good modern development in games, that we can see as an improvement compared to even relatively recent games. My big example is Metroid Prime, which is probably a top 5 game for me. When I went back to replay it recently I found myself getting very frustrated at having to replay large chunks of the game when I died before reaching a save point, and having to look for a save point when I had to stop playing. I just found it unnecessary, since why would I want to play through chunks of the game that I've already beaten just because I died at one section? Also it's annoying because I might have to quit the game at any time, and I can't get away with the ""wait while I find a save point"" excuse like I used to do when I was a kid. "
"They were pretty useless from a gameplay perspective, but they do have their own charm that I appreciate, and that's a positive for me. Whether that charm is worth the negatives that come with them is debatable."
Looks like it could be pretty fun. I think they're shooting themselves in the foot by choosing to charge for it though. This game would stand a better chance competing with f2p games.
"&gt; Did the original flash version need an update even after the release of Rebirth 

It did not *need* it, but since Florian Himsl had nothing to do (since he isn't involved in Rebirth), I don't see any problems with him updating the game."
"Between Banjo Three-ie being mentioned at the end of Tooie and [This trailer](http://youtu.be/QLWLdO9GLWM) announcing nuts and bolts, I don't think it's too outrageous to assume we were getting a 3rd 3D platforming game just like the ones before it. In fact I think I've heard it was originally going to be Three-ie but changed through development.. Could have been a DYK Gaming Video about banjo-kazooie."
"Honestly i don't feel like this update was needed.
Rebirth is superior in almost every way, nonetheless it's cool to see that they give a shit."
"The interesting thing about that secret(aside from it being a major disappointment) is that it would be pretty much impossible to discover on your own. It was designed to be tackled as a community, and supposedly they were pretty close when it got datamined. Outside of the initial discovery process, the secret has no real value.

I abstained from looking at any info on the game because I wanted to figure out how to unlock it myself. When I finally gave in and looked at how it was done I was incredibly disappointed to see that I never would have actually discovered it on my own. For a game that encourages you to figure things out on your own, it almost doesn't make sense that the biggest secret requires the internet to figure out. Also doesn't help that the secret character itself is one of the worst examples of game design. "
It's going to drag everyone who 100%d back. I know a few people who got platinum god and are playing it again
"You mention GTA 5, but you can use the Quick Save feature from the phone and do Save/Load anywhere, just fyi."
"No, there's a huge difference between normal movie games and this. It isn't just some IP they pawned off to a studio to rush out a game in time.

It's made by insomniac and is based on their first ratchet and clank game anyway. They know how to make ratchet and clank games well by now."
"I think they went the absolute wrong direction by making enemies more bullet sponges. Adding more champions (higher damage, more unpredictable (fires random directions, shots can explode, ect)).

Having an eternal enemy on the first couple of floors is a grueling fight"
"Every game should have quick save option as far as I'm concerned. I don't want to be punished for exploring the map by being pushed back to some checkpoint from 30 minutes ago because I fell from something, I don't want the game telling me when I can stop playing without losing stuff/progress, I don't want to sit through a long cutscene/conversation before the boss fight for the 5th time because the devs decided to put an autosave before and not after it (hi Bioware)."
"They also make Runescape the microtransaction filled monstrosity you see at /r/runescape.

They do also run the /r/2007scape version too so they can still run a decent game. Although this one is literally a clone from 2007 before the horrible decisions started to happen.

They are also at least two failed MMOs down in the last few years."
"Also, since he had nothing to do with Rebirth it is very possible he isn't seeing any of the money from Rebirth. If that is the case it would be highly beneficial to differentiate the two products, giving players a reason to buy both instead of just going for (what was previously) the ""Complete"" package offered by Rebirth."
"I had kind of forgotten how bad some games were with encouraging this behavior in players. I think FF12 was the worst example I've seen, taking away the strongest weapon before you know it exists because you opened the wrong chest that they placed directly in your path.   "
"I get why they did it and it does create a unique gameplay experience when it's working but it can also ruin the difficulty curve by forcing you to go through long unbroken and difficult play sessions early on because you've saved your self into a corner or in a worst case scenario even make the game unprogressable.

&gt;Losing an hour or so of game time isn't so bad when you can do it much faster the second time.

yes it is, an hour of lost progress is enough for me to never go back to a game especially when I know I lost that hour because I had to roll the dice on ""wasting"" a save or losing progress."
"Depends. While I liked the art style and the graphics, they do give the world a highly detailed, but waxy, look. You also cannot interact with much, as pretty as it looks. From what I remember, MT were giant textures with all the detail drawn as it would be laid out, as opposed to using the traditional tiling method. So if you imagine a texture as a kind of vinal wrap, it would be similar to a megatexture."
"[I've written a blog post on why I disagree with this before](http://thingswhichdontexist.tumblr.com/post/86673343982/why-save-points-are-important)

Tl;Dr: some games rely on tension (survival horror) and strong consequences (rogue likes) as part of their core experiences and the choice of save/progression system affects that massively. Like basically every other aspects of games there is no one correct way to do anything - it depends on what experience the game in question is trying to provide. "
"Ever since seeing the preview videos it has been clear that Florian severely lacks game design skills, without Edmund this turned out awful."
"Progress through an area sure, but that's by design. If you pick up an item, and immediately die, or the power in your house goes out a few seconds later, you still have the item. "
Did you know that Rebirth is a remake/overhaul of the original game? If you can afford it then there is really no reason to to play the original.
I like the games that auto-save and allow me to save manually as well. I always feel uneasy if there's only a manual saving option but generally I like auto-save. I play a lot of Monster Hunter and that game would be depressing if it didn't auto-save after quests.
"Taking Jak and Daxter out of that ""afterschool cartoon/comic"" tone would remove a lot of the charm and be a bit redundant. I think one of the reasons people miss platformers so much is that they offered a palette cleanser from the mature/violent games whilst still providing a challenge and a story. Platformer DNA still sort of exists in games like Assassins Creed, Uncharted and inFamous, and you get the feeling that both the audience and developers feel they're ""above"" cartoony presentation, and that sort of thing is reserved for cheap app games and figure collecting fare. It's a really tiring attitude, that a story told in an animated or less dark way is somehow less worthy. Just look at The Iron Giant."
The cellar in general is pretty awful because the spider can have ridiculous range of movement sometimes. I get hit more by spiders than any other enemy.
Plus they're legit developers and such. Some 10 plus years of experience with each worker. The whole way this kickstarter is set up shows they're professional. 
Basically this. Generally I like quick saves but sometime they can kill the tension or challenge. I'm a fan of both and I feel it's game specific. 
"This sounds like putting presentation before player enjoyment. Like when we heard why Advanced Warfare didn't have a FoV slider in single-player.

Also, if given a save-anywhere option, you have the choice to save as far back into the level as you want."
The music is in itself reason enough to play the original game. Many also prefer the visual style. That being said it is a flash game and runs like arse.
"It's a real rally sim, like Richard Burns Rally, Colin McRae Rally, Mobil 1 Rally Championship etc. It doesn't have the arcadey stuff from Dirt like rewind, gymkhana, and dudes calling you bro."
"Frequent auto-saves and the ability to save anywhere.    
There's no reason that any game shouldn't have these basic features these days."
"I started playing **Destiny** last week for the first time.  I never really paid attention to the hype prior to release and I decided to try it out since my brother plays a lot.  I know a lot of people were disappointed in the game, but a lot of people also still play and are addicted which I think is interesting.

I'm level 29 and the only PVE content I haven't done is Crota's End.  I'm actually enjoying the game, but I can see why people would be disappointed.  It's got some really... weird aspects in its design.

A lot of the foundation is good.  The art, lore/setting, gunplay, class mechanics etc. are very well done.  But after the foundation was laid down it feels like they ran into some problems:

* The storytelling is just real bad.  They tried to do pull a Dark Souls with ""less is more"" but failed.  The reason Dark Souls worked is cause you yourself chose to explore the narrative, whereas Destiny strings you along with story missions.  The dialogue is cheesy, and you go from mission to mission with the only premise being ""dark activity around here with a big baddie, let's kill em.""  It sucks cause the lore is actually pretty interesting.

* Since the story is so bare, what's left is an extremely grindy MMO system.  I think their thought process when designing the game was something like: let's make Borderlands but random people can jump in and jump out on the fly, wouldn't that be cool and make the world feel alive?  But when they finished making the story, they realized it was only like 6 - 8 hours long so they suddenly designed this whole MMO end game system with dailies, weeklies, reputation etc.

* Some parts of the end game design don't feel fleshed out.  To get rep with the 3 optional factions (Dead Orbit, Future War Cult, New Monarchy) you basically just do regular stuff but with their attire equipped.  Why not have bounties/missions exclusive to them?  Also the strikes aren't entirely unique experiences.  No new enemy encounters and for the most part and the bosses are just suped up versions of regular enemies.   

Here's what I like about the game though:

* The one raid I've done, Vault of Glass, was real fun.  Very cool mix of classic MMO group dungeon mechanics and FPS gameplay.  If they keep making stuff like that, I'd love it.

* The pvp is actually pretty fun.  Granted, there's not many modes and the only one I really enjoy is Control.  But it feels fast paced and skillful, and I love how proper use of supers can turn the tide.   

* I enjoy the slow progression of things.  Well, enjoy might not be the right word... tricked into enjoying?  All the end game/grindy stuff I kinda complained about I'm still a sucker for.  The dopamine that releases when I get a legendary/exotic makes me feel good.  

I'm also playing it with my brother/friends so that probably helps me like the game a lot more.  I think the game/series has a lot of potential to be truly great and unique, it's just not quite there, but regardless I'm still having a decent time with it. "
"Kerbal Space Program. 

Bought it a long time ago and thought it was overwhelming, just started actually playing it a few days ago. Incredible. It's the first time in a long time where I really can't stop playing it, staying up way later than I should. It's way too addicting and so so rewarding. "
"Massive fan of Metroid and I never knew about Miyamoto's ""bug's head"" comments. Pretty funny.

Here's to hoping Retro Studios gets their hands on Metroid once again. They actually have some open job listings, so I doubt they're wandering aimlessly.

EDIT: Just to throw it out there, my favorite piece of trivia about MP is that the symbols used for the beams in your HUD ([see here](http://i.imgur.com/ckpUj7W.png)) are supposed to be hand gestures that Samus uses in her arm canon to change beams. You can actually see these fully-modeled and animated gestures [with the X-ray visor](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/metroid/images/4/4f/Metroid_quarantine_a_x_ray.jpg). Despite this amazing attention to detail for a 2002 game, [they're not entirely correct.](http://cdn.wikimg.net/metroidwiki/images/e/ec/Samus%27_hands.png)

EDIT 2: [Here's the animated gestures.](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/metroid/images/9/99/BeamSwitching.gif)"
"It can't be used during missions. And most of the time game saves after any significant change (even hair change/clothes purchase), so yeah, ""quick save"" is useless."
"Recently got a PS4 so I suppose I'll review the games I purchased so far.

**Bloodborne**

So far, I'm enjoying it. I'm not that far in as I've just been messing around to get a feel for the controls/combat. As someone who really isn't good at the Souls games, I feel like Bloodborne fits my play style more. I can't really explain why. I really dig the cane/whip combo out of all of the main weapons and I've been using the pistol. I seem to fight enemies better when I'm not using the lock on... but I'm a noob so what do I know! I switched over from Xbox so the controller still feels weird. I'm just really impressed by the atmosphere and level/monster design. Everything just looks amazing.

**Dying Light**

Just... I don't have words for how awesome this game is! I loved Dead Island (I feel like a lot of people didn't...) and spent hours on it. This game improves so much it's unbelievable. The map is huuuuuuge. I've been exploring with my friend, looting, doing quarantine zones, etc. The parkour feels fliud, natural. I love using the zombies' heads as stepping stones, it's hilarious. Right now I don't feel like I'm set weapons wise (mine are still quite weak) but I think that's partially because I don't have that much money/weapon mods. Either way, super fun. Working my way through all the side quests at the moment then going to go through the story quests. Also night is scary as hell and I hate it."
"Posting from Mobile so sorry if I mess up the bold stuff.

**Bayonetta 2**

Jesus fuck, this game is awesome. This is most of the reason why I recently invested in a Wii U and I couldn't be happier. I think what makes this game best is not use the gameplay (i like the story although it's cheesy and stupid) is the amount of content. There is SO MUCH to do post game, it's incredible. There are dozens of extra costumes and weapons, it's ridiculous. The best part about the costumes is that they are FUNCTIONAL. Like the Samus alternate costume lets you turn into the morph ball. So many other devs would not take the time to do that and it would likely be DLC. This was in game and FREE. I sound like I'm trying to sell the game, but really it sells itself. Beyond that, the gameplay is smooth and addicting. It really is the best action game of all time. Nowhere else can you do such fun deep and rewarding combos. If you're on the fence about this game or a Wii U, really check this out closely."
"To their credit that's not how this started out. The initial game was a single player title in the style of Wing Commander named Squadron 42. The crowd funding was a means of proving to investors that there was interest. However, the hope was that would drum up enough interest to make Star Citizen which was to use SQ42 as a base and slowly expand over time Minecraft style. 

What actually happened was people were a lot more hyped than anyone expected. So much so that the initial campaign on CIGs website got hugged to death. So they started the KS page along side it. Since then the funding never really stopped. At some point they decided to ditch the idea of using outside investment and sell preorders and digital content to cover costs. "
Quick save is super useful when in the middle of the map in places of interest. The autosave function resets your location to random/safehouse. Loading a quicksave spawns you in that same spot.
"Most of the people I see bitching about it aren't backers. Just people who don't like Tim Schafer  and want a reason to whine about it.

I got my money worth just with the documentary, plus we got the aventure game as promised.

Spacebase on the otherside is a legitimate game to bitch about. Still, people should know what may happen to early access games."
"Funfact for anyone who never played Wolf 3D. 

The Old Blood is actually a remake of the first two chapters of Wolf3D with some heavy story changes. The original chapter was about escaping a nazi prison castle called Wolfenstein, and the second chapter was about stopping the good doctor (Who was male in 3D) from creating his mutant/zombie (Apparently this changes depending on localization. It was mutants in the US version) army of the damned.  

I REALLY hope this means we'll see Hanz Grosse at some point in the DLC. I know they mention the events of Wolf'09 in TNO, but TNO also directly contradicts the storyline of Wolf'09, so it might be nothing more then a reference. "
"I always found it odd how support died and dried up immediately after the old boi expansion came out. ""Flash is packed to the max. We can't do it!"" Then dead silence. Rebirth is out and Florian's money dried up and voila he's figured it out. 

I'm being quite cynical,  but this could have happened a year ago. "
"Same designer (Edmund McMillen), but programmed by a team called Nicalis instead of one of Edmund's friends (Florian Himsl)."
"Here is what Fallout 4 is going to be:

   A visually impressive and content-wise absolutely massive, but ultimately monotonous and repetetive game with very little changes design wise from Fallout 3/Skyrim. The game will have learned nothing from New Vegas. It will feature terrible writing quality and characters, forgettable plot and so-so first person gameplay. It will be filled to the max with filler fetch quests and small meaningless collectibles Ubisoft-style. It will strip down RPG elements even futher compared to Skyrim/Fallout 3 and will be designed with the idea of being accessible first and foremost, at the expense of everything else. It will be bombarding its userbase with DLC for at least 1.5 years after release and will have a spectacular marketing campaign.

   You will all still buy it day one and love it. And then after awhile you'll hate it and call it unplayable without mods.

   And yes, I do have a crystal ball. You can save this post."
"It's also different to most kickstarter games in the sense that this is one of the most productive gaming teams ever complied, with decades of experience working together on big games, and a reputation for success, rather than a real indie startup. "
"I totally disagree with that. As an example, I think all the tension and fear that comes with dying in something like Alien Isolation would be really changed/ruined if you could just save/load wherever you felt like.

Or imagine quick saving and quick loading your way through Dark Souls. That would just destroy the challenge of the game."
Actually you can learn how to breed the Golden Chocobo through in-game means. http://finalfantasy.wikia.com/wiki/Chocobo_Sage
"I'm you caught this quirk from this particular person's dialect. You'd think with a language pieced together from dozens of others over literally hundreds of years, there'd be standard pronunciations for everything. Like bass. Or either. Or tomato.

Stop being pedantic. It makes you look like a jerk."
"&gt; (I can't find the exact quote for this at the moment, but here's at least a thread mentioning it[1] .)

They are throwing out numbers anywhere from 40 to 100 hours. 40 hours of playing is not a week..."
**DiRT Rally** - Early access but it's the first game I've taken the time to play and I'm having a blast. It's polished and runs incredibly well. I'm only 2 hours in so far but I haven't had this much fun in a racing game since Gran Turismo 5. 
"That's still obscure to the point it would still require a guide for nearly everyone. Hell, I beat the game probably 4 times back in the day and I had no clue that guy was anything more then a filler NPC or that his dialog even changed or why it changed. "
"I love the Dark Souls save system... largely because I can't save scrum which I have a super bad habit of doing. Normally taking options out of the player's hands is a questionable design choice, but I ultimately felt like this helped the game more than it harmed it (except for save corruptions but that can be avoided, though not optimally).

Though you're shit out of luck if you want to min-max a character and can't revert stat changes, though this was somewhat solved in Dark Souls II."
"I read your article, however I strongly disagree with it.  While consequences for dying are inherent in any Roguelike this is better implemented in the form of permanent death, though this isn't my point.

  Limited saving forces you to run the risk of replaying content, which is one of the worst things a game that relies on its atmosphere or story can do.  If you've ever played the Amnesia games you probably know that any part of the game you replay is significantly less frightening (and by extension interesting) the second time around."
"For anyone confused about the ""10 seconds"" comment, she's referring to how if you quit the game it'll put you back right where you were when you load the game again (except for boss battles), much like how many roguelikes allow you to save anywhere but force you to continue where you left off. Bonfires are actually *not* savepoints, they're where you go when you die. The separation of savepoints and respawn points is in itself an interesting concept to me.

Edit: he -&gt; she"
"Eh. I haven't seen Edmund talk about this much publicly. I don't know how I feel about it getting a bunch of ""Lets make it super hard because hard games are hard"" updates. I appreciate some bugfixes, because the game was very very buggy.

But with Rebirth out, and getting an expansion soon, this seems...weird. The game looks reeeeeally bad now, especially to people with hundreds of hours in rebirth."
"And is it just me, or has Edmund not talked about this publicly much? I get the feeling he doesn't give a shit about this and doesn't want to talk about it much. I could be incredibly incorrect, to be fair."
"Wrong. They state in the documentary that the celebrity voice actors were actually had for almost free because the actors wanted to be a part of the game.  Elijah Wood got the job after sending a tweet to Tim about how excited he was for the game, being a big adventure game fan himself."
"These games save every time you do any action like gain souls (exp/money), get an item, drop an item, etc. So essentially, anything something of consequence happens, it saves. You can quit any time without losing progress."
Oh my god. That is so fucking cool. I really need to beat the Prime games. I never have for some reason.
"He helped Florian work on it a little bit, providing him with a few art assets so they kept with the original art.

Edmund seems sort of interested because a lot of people were unimpressed with Rebirth's ""Hard Mode"", he said that if people like Florian's he'd look into adding something similar for Afterbirth."
"I agree that its obscure and missable, but after the first time you talk to him whenever you return to him (which you will be doing if you want to buy the best greens in the game) one of the dialogue options is ""Remember anything?"" And he pretty much ends every bit of advice by trying to remember something else and failing. In addition the kid that helps you breed and train chocobos at the ranch records his information and is always excited whenever you return to him after having got more information from the Chocobo Sage, even jotting it down and telling you it later while also adding more information of his own."
"He means if you quit and for what ever reason it didn't save, the game generally saves every 10-20 seconds. Not that if you die you don't lose any progress towards the level."
"I abuse the *hell* out of quicksave in Fallout/Skyrim. Before every encounter basically, before any dialogue, before I pick a lock... I'm terrible for it. I love that Dark Souls doesn't let you."
"It saves pretty much continuously. It's honestly quite impressive, especially for a game as technically limited as Dark Souls."
"As someone who has a lot of playtime in both BoI and Rebirth, I just have to say: this update is awful. The new content is nigh to unplayable and the balancing has made the game more unfair than difficult. It's also introduced several pretty game breaking bugs (if you kill an endgame boss while enemies he spawned are still alive the game becomes unfinishable.) This update is hot trash and should not have been released, especially not in its current state. The last thing the original BoI needed was this."
"Couldn't agree more, if a game won't let me choose when I want to stop playing I just won't play it. If I need to go do something else other than play a video game (shock, horror!), I had better be able to save exactly where I am and start from there again, if you expect me to continue playing your game."
"Quitting in any of the games also saves your progress any point except during boss fights, online play, ~~or when you're in the air.~~

**Edit:** Apparently, [falling to your death](https://np.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/34nrw5/how_do_you_guys_feel_about_the_current_trend_of/cqwh15u) is also a valid save point in the Souls series."
"The biggest problem with Rebirth's hard mode (lack of pickup drops preventing players from being able to get items) was patched. I imagine lots of people still want a more difficult mode though. It's just difficult to do that in a way that isn't frustrating/cheap/boring.

"
"&gt;  They absolutely are, and they would be the first ones to complain if they were put behind a grindwall

Let's be real -- regardless of what they might say, this probably isn't true. As soon as the persistent universe comes out and someone manages to find a way to earn one of these $15,000 ships in an afternoon, you will hear complaining."
Behold this music mod and [rejoice](http://www.reddit.com/r/bindingofisaac/comments/2mlmux/mod_original_soundtrack_in_rebirth/).
"""At this point, I feel like if I got too involved I'd just screw things up. I was slightly more involved in season one, I think, but really it was just a matter of me approving their story when they ran it by me. The team there did an enormous amount of work to get the tone and feel in line with what I do in the comics before they ever came to me.

Before we started season 2, they asked me a lot about where I was going in the comic and some things they should avoid, and I gave them some notes, but for the most part, those guys have taken the ball and run with it... to what I think we can all agree is great success.

It's no SURVIVAL INSTINCT."""
"It killed most MMOs for me. It's ruining exploration, experimentation, and just the general joy of playing games. With data mining there's no point in making a game someone can lose themselves to and experience because the data miners will always make it about metagaming and Flavor of the Patch builds. Games used to be about having fun through experiencing the worlds they built not just about winning or being the first to clear a raid. "
"Its kind of become synonymous with being able to save where you are, at your choosing, and start back there. The quick aspect of 'quick save' in this case being that you don't need to run to a specific save point or return to where you were upon resuming.

It changes a bit from game to game but its used in a much more broad sense these days, from what I've read and heard."
"1. That's extremely quick, you're being unreasonable. 2. Quicksave is usually bound to f5 so you have to take your left hand off of wasd to hit it. It's the same thing. "
"Am i missing something here? The original was thoroughly enjoyable and didnt have many bugs that were game ruining, why did the game need constant support?"
"The good side is that when devs made a solution too obscure for you to figure out, you won't just have to give up on a game for a decade. Older Sierra games for instance were notorious for people having to just quit because they didn't realize that they missed some hidden object near the start of the game. [Prince of Persia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dOhUCvqV7o&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=2043) couldn't be completed unless you did some bizarre normally fatal things that were counter-intuitive to the rest of the gameplay (though at least this could be figured out by experimenting)."
"90% of the universe is NPC driven - no matter how much players think they have exclusivity to a ship, they don't. There will be sects of a community that will complain regardless, the expectation isn't rooted in reality. 

"
"They fixed this in the International edition of the game, honestly make me sad the International version never made it outside of Japan. It's the game FFXII was supposed to be."
"They were unable to implement additional levels and items to the original game, some of which had been planned and announced. As it was, there was never a Sheol equivalent to The Chest, so there wasn't  really any complexity in how runs played out. You either went for the Chest or you essentially left early.

People are annoyed because they feel like the claims that they couldn't add new content were somehow not true, as now we have another update. However, the scope of the update is far smaller than what had been shelved. It is mostly tweaking stats rather than new content."
"I think the issue is that fans are going off of *promises* made by the devs. The more skeptical minded are considering similar projects with similar promises, and how these types of games **always** end up. I hope the game turns out as great as they say, but $1000 dollar ships, er sorry, $1000 *donations that come with a free ship*, is a pretty bad sign. "
"Florian said it was very difficult to keep pushing flash and said it was crashing constantly while writing the update. Also there are some cataclysmic bugs in the update, stuff that ruins the game and you have to restart. It looks like the ""lol flash"" line has some truth to it."
That's interesting since Rebirth is just a better version of the game you're playing right now and it has way more content. But to each his own I guess...
"I'd kill someone for some more Viva Piñata, though there's been some hints that it may be a Battletoads game."
"If they were to do a BK3, i wonder how it would turn out. All the old talent has left for Playtonic. Oldschool vs newschool. "
"With even the Project Yooka Laylee developers and Phil Spencer talking about how fans will love Rare's next project, I have a lot of faith it's gonna be a game that plays to the best of Rare's past, whether that be Banjo Kazooie 3 or a whole new IP. "
"You know how many times i restarted because i was fighting Envy/ Super Envy in the second room? .. Okey a few times, but not because I couldn't do it but rather because depending on your character it could just take forever and I would just rather not ...."
"The article states that the creative director of the new project has worked on the Donkey Kong country Trilogy, Banjo Tooie, and Viva Pinata. Minus VP, that's old school Rare if you ask me."
"While I don't have information on who is and who is not left from the old Rare, Playtonic is only made up of 6 ex-Rare developers, so I wouldn't say gutted."
"Eh, fair enough. Maybe the hype train surrounding Yooka-Laylee makes it seems as though almost all the older guys jumped ship."
"I actually view it in an entirely different light. Datamining let's us discover not only potential future content of a game, but more accurately reveal part of its development history by discovering the unused assets left in a game.

http://tcrf.net/index.php?title=Special:RecentChanges&amp;limit=500

Sites like The Cutting Room Floor (which Did You Know Gaming uses for some of its content) specialize in discovering, archiving, and discussing such information. 

For example, on their forums you can find my posts going through Borderlands, finding interesting assets from the pre-cel days, including what the original three heroes looked like, Ned, gun parts, and more.

And on the site itself, check out the articles on Ocarina of Time, Chrono Trigger, Super Mario World, and learn some interesting stuff about your favorite and classic games. Even Minesweeper on the Windows OS has an entry!

Having an open eye on unused assets can not only reveal how the game changed over time, but also ideas that were cut-off and unfinished. It can open greater mysteries than what the game itself could offer."
Miyamoto is truly genius when it comes to game design. Just a few offhanded comments by him while observing Prime's development helped to make it into a masterpiece.
"I don't know where you're getting your information from, but this is directly from Playtonic's tech developer , 

""“For me, it was more about [Rare founders] Tim and Chris Stamper leaving,” says Playtonic technical director Jens Restemeier, who worked at Rare handling handheld conversions of key titles. “There was no sense of progression about what the company was going to do from that point on. The story people want to hear is that Microsoft came in and destroyed everything. It wasn’t like that. They gave us freedom, almost more freedom than Nintendo gave us.”

From their interview with The Guardian

http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2015/mar/23/playtonic-rare-collaborate-banjo-kazooie-ukulele"
"Any self-respecting first-person game on PC should have a FoV slider. We should be moving forwards, not backwards.

Also

&gt;the first person animations are designed around the default FOV

This in itself is not what a PC gamer should be seeing in his games to begin with. ""Default frame rate,"" ""default FoV"" screams console port. 

&gt;(And personally I think ""Simulation sickness"" belongs in the same category as a variety of other bullshit placebo effect illnesses. Or maybe people could sit back from their monitors a few inches rather than complain about FOV.)

If you've ever played a first-person game on a monitor with a low FoV, you should know this is real. Also, telling PC gamers to sit further away is like making a game's default FoV 120 and telling console gamers to sit closer to their TVs."
"1. Game gets released in Japan.    
2. Game gets translated into other languages, usually primarily English. Sometimes there are small content additions and almost always there are some bug fixes.    
3. The international release in Step 2 gets rereleased in Japan, including the international content (Often Japanese/English text/dubbing) and some new content of it's own."
"God, I can't even look at that awful Next Level concept art for Samus. It makes me feel so bad for being glad that never went forward, when I want a new Metroid game so much."
"yep, a 3D platformer. these things come in waves, just like the revival of the arena shooter. 6 months ago I was screaming ""where are the spyros and crash bandicoots"", well they're here now."
"Sounds like a lot. Keyword is ""sounds."" It could all be really short and insubstantial.  
I really hope not, since a Batgirl campaign sounds really cool."
"I'm really excited to see Batgirl stuff, I really loved playing as Robin and Nightwing, maybe even more than playing as Batman."
"Even if they announce a new banjo, i really don't trust them about it and will have to wait for a good chunk of gameplay."
"If you have a Wii U, you can get the Trilogy for $20.  Much more reasonable than the $70+ you will pay to find a physical copy.  Although, that price has trended a bit downward since the digital version of the trilogy lowered demand."
"It'll be a new Battletoads. There was a leak from some developer saying that Microsoft told them they could use any Rare IP except Battletoads. They were told it ""off the table"". Not to mention Battletoads make an apperance in the XBone Shovel Knight port."
"It's ultimately up to the player how they wish to consume the content - whether that means ""ruining it"" with walkthroughs and wiki's and such, or going through it totally blind and figuring out everything on their own.  In some ways, the gaming companies have reacted to this in a way that they can squeeze some extra cash from (FF12 and it's hidden 100% zodiac spear that you can miss by doing an obligatory RPG thing as opening every chest you come across...).

On the whole, I think it's kind of a good thing people are willing to collaborate and share their ideas on some strategies for a game - if only because that's how developers can react and create new/interesting/challenging experiences.  Using TLOU as an example, I've seen and read and watched countless ways to get through numerous areas; none of them still quite match up with how *I* got through each area.

Or likewise, thinking of some of the insanely low drop rate items as far back as say, Earthbound.  After reading some horror stories of people ending up at max level grinding star men for Poo's best weapon, it was then up to me whether or not I wanted to be bothered with it, or just continue on."
"Not surprising. On-top of being the first of its kind and being expensive as hell to develop, it also has the hardware to run a fully functional Windows 10 OS in it."
"Revival of the arena shooter? Where?

All those indie games trying to revive it you mean? Those have all bombed horribly, mostly due to a lack of players."
This is my guess too. Remember Phil Spencer wearing that Battletoads t-shirt during the Windows 10 preview? Maybe he was wearing it for a reason.
"It's a multiplayer game, how others play directly affects how you play. Back in the day before the guides and before the datamining you could enter PVP and there would be all kinds of builds and you would constantly learn new things and hone your strategy. These days people know what the stat changes will be two weeks before a patch drops and everyone just builds to the new flavor. There's no variety, no experimentation, nothing interesting. These days you know how to defeat a boss before you encounter them, you know what type of builds you need going in, everything is laid out for you and all that's required is you push the buttons at the right time. It's boring. "
"I don't think people understand this concept. For example, the N64-flash-drive cart as part of the Yooka-Laylee Kickstarter, is $525. That's grossly overpriced, but it's because it's a donation... or something."
I'd wager that they look inaccurate from a top-down view cause they were modelled in a way to make the gestures readable from the view you normally see them from in-game.
"It's not a revival, they are just trying to cash in before UT comes out and they'll have missed their chance"
"Text version:

Earlier this week, we announced the Season Pass for Batman: Arkham Knight. While the story of Rocksteady’s Batman: Arkham Trilogy will come to a close on June 23rd, we are excited to continue telling stories and delivering more content to explore and play through in the 6 months following the game’s release. We’ll be building more narrative, more missions, more challenges and more characters and vehicles that we want players to experience, even though they didn’t fit into the storyline of Batman: Arkham Knight.


We’ve heard from our community that you want more information on what we’ll be delivering in the Season Pass. While we aren’t ready to unveil every aspect of the content we’ll be developing, we would like to share more detail now to give you a better sense of the scope of the Season Pass.  



Batgirl: A Matter of Family  

An all new prequel story expansion in an entirely new location where you play as Batgirl for the very first time in the Arkham series - check out the first render of Batgirl.  

The Season of Infamy  

Play as Batman in all new story missions featuring legendary super-villains invading Gotham City, with new story arcs, missions and gameplay features.  

Gotham City Stories  

Play as Batman’s key allies in narrative missions extending their storylines, from both before and after the events in Batman: Arkham Knight.  

Legendary Batmobiles with Themed Tracks  

Drive the most iconic Batmobiles from Batman’s 75-year history, on custom-built race tracks, each themed to that Batmobile’s specific era. Every Batmobile will be drivable across every race track.  

Crimefighter Challenge Maps  

Engage in a series of new challenge maps utilizing the unique play styles of Batman and his allies.  

Character Skins  

A variety of skins from across the eras for Batman, Robin, Nightwing and Catwoman.
As we fully ramp up development on the Season Pass, we will be sharing even more details on each monthly content drop. We hope you enjoy playing Batman: Arkham Knight as much as we’ve enjoyed making it.  

WB Games"
"International versions are typically the Western release with a little bit of added content. Typically the western versions get a final bit of polish before being sent out. For example in the western version of FF7 we had Ruby and Emerald Weapon as bosses to fight. The international version of it had those as well as a 4th bonus content disc. So the original release of the game in Japan is Final Fantasy, and they take the polished version that other countries got and call it ""international."""
"Rare IP = Xbox One exclusive

Edit: For those downvoting me please point to a Rare game that was made for PC. I don't see one on this list. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_video_games_developed_by_Rare"
"Reflex, Reborn (diabotical), Unreal Tournament, Toxikk. 

R/arenafps 

It will never be the new cowwadoody, but I have the faith that some of the games will stick. "
"After the ""leak"" about Conker that turned out to be a school project on going viral, I'm not too keen to trust leaks."
"Reflex and Toxikk hell, even UT, don't have very big player bases at the moment. Never heard of Reborn, but I'm sure it's the same. 

Having a few thousand unique players on a week/few hundred a day (that's being generous for some of these) isn't exactly a revival."
"I didn't find the Robin DLC in AC to be all that substantial. Sort of a let down, actually. Hope this is better. Thankfully (to me atleast) AC already felt complete."
"It always seems like people want to lay Rare's slow death at Microsoft's feet, but it's more like the genre they were known for was on a hardcore decline and there wasn't really any simple solution to replace that. Granted, they might have been more at home on Nintendo systems, but it's pretty well known how third-parties have done on Nintendo systems for the past couple of generations. "
I think we should wait until they actually release something and it's for before we keep bringing this up. Right now all I see is a cry engine remake of the maps I love from TS
"Microsoft has been trying to ""recommit"" to PC for years. It's why we got the disaster that was GFWL. Honestly, I don't put a lot of faith into those words. To me, it just says stuff like streaming Xbox games to a PC, not releasing AAA quirky platformers on PC."
"If find it so strange scan visor was considering unpopular in the west. Especially since it is probably one of, in not, my favorite way of incorporating story and lore into a game without interrupting the flow of the game itself. "
"Viva Pinata is on PC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Viva_Pi%C3%B1ata

For some reason it is not listed on the 'Games by Rare' list that someone linked, but is listed on the game's wiki page. I guess some other developer team ported it, not Rare itself.

The other Rare IP on PC is Conker in Project Spark, but I think everyone would rather forget about that one."
"Judging from the picture, I assume it'll be Barbara and take place before she becomes Oracle.

Edit: and I just noticed the ""prequel"" part, so yeah, definitely Barbara."
"Nice. Now I am excited

Prediction: Batgirl story will probably end with the faithful knock on the door and the ""Bang"""
I didn't mind it except for needing to use it in the spacestation and bossfights.  If you miss anything you can't return and get 100%.
"As usual with Noah this retrospective is fan-tastic. F.E.A.R was and still is one of my favorite games ever. It's the first and so far only game I've ever actually *sweat* over with fear while playing. I can still remember the feeling of creeping sweat and the surprise when I realized what was ""crawling"" on me as I trawled through blood-stained corridors. Alma was borderline pants-shitting when I otherwise felt like a badass nailing clones to walls and kicking them across rooms. The AI was so, so entertaining, the first time I was actually surprised by it's coordination and movement since Halo CE. The sequels were entirely disappointing."
I think HoloLens will be somewhat similar to Microsoft Surface in the sense that it will take about 2 or 3 generations before becoming a viable consumer grade product
"Jesus Christ, it might actually be happening.

To think all of the jokes about new Battletoads games and it could actually really be happening."
"I would freak the fuck out if there's a (substantial) killing joke DLC story, or even a full game by WB Montreal. "
"Then the Souls games aren't for you. The entire purpose of the bonfires acting as checkpoints is that you learn and improve until you can do an area with your eyes closed. They rely on the combat heavily, they rely on the player becoming good at the combat. They rely on the player learning from their mistakes so that they don't lose their souls. It's meant to be difficult in a market where most other games spoon-feed the player. 

To give the player the option to go, ""No, actually, I didn't get killed by this boss twice in a row and lose all of my souls"" would make the entire feel and practically the game's reason for being totally pointless."
"This review is definitely spot on. Last year I decided to play through all the FEAR games in a row including DLC. I was immediately hooked with the first game and then it went downhill from there. When I got to FEAR 2 I started to notice the gameplay felt more simplified and it was a lot easier. By the end of the second game I was just playing to see the conclusion of the story. My friend was also playing though all the FEAR games as well and he noticed the same thing. We got to the third game and started playing co-op. We couldn't help but laugh at how terrible the third game was. I noticed immediately that the game was designed with consoles in mind. The FOV was absolutely atrocious. I had to find a fix to raise the FOV because an FOV slider wasn't included. The funniest part of the game was the fact that Point Man didn't have a name and still didn't speak. Holy shit it was bad, he didn't say a single word. All Point Man could do is make the same dumb expression throughout all the cutscenes. I regret playing as the Point Man, Fettel looked more fun to play as because you could possess people. I didn't even bother installing the FEAR Online."
"FEAR is still one of the best shooters you can play. The combat gameplay is more dynamic, challenging and fun than any other shooter I know and the game holds up pretty well today solely because of the brilliant AI, mediocre graphics aside. I remember playing the same part with 2 areas over and over again because I died in the second one and the first area was always completely different. 3-4 soldiers are swarming out and depending on where I went, how fast I was and who I attecked first and how, they showed different team behaviours each time and on top of that each single enemy was unpredictable in its own. They rushed you, tried to flank you though another room while one guy was holding a corner, blindfiring or throwing grenades at you to keep you away or flush you out of cover. You had to pay attention to the radio chatter to assess the situation and prepare for the next move. It was so-much-fun."
"That's pretty much the same as with any new technology. The first few iterations work out the bugs, polish it, and are generally only for people who need to be on the cutting edge."
"&gt; I think the best way they could go about it would just be to limit health pickups in particular (While leaving at least enough keys/bombs to grab items on a given floor),

That was the ""fix"" mentioned by /u/RigatoniFraticelli: at launch, it limited all drops, but starting with patch 1.031, only heart drops are limited. *Guaranteeing* enough drops to open all doors, chests, and explode-ables in a floor isn't a feature of Rebirth, even in normal mode: granting that feature to hard mode (or both modes) would wind up making the game a lot easier.

&gt; while also creating more ""Hard Only"" room layouts.

There are really rare room layouts that people discover even after hundreds of hours of playing: it's unclear whether they are hard mode-only rooms, though (probably not).

&gt; There's a lot of room for difficulty in altered layouts without just making things sponges.

Hard mode in Rebirth doesn't make everything a sponge: the main differentiator between hard mode and normal mode in Rebirth outside of lower heart drops is that enemies have a substantially larger chance to spawn as a ""champion"" version: most champion types are a little spongier, but they usually have some other quality that makes them different (explode on kill, faster, periodically turn invisible, invulnerable until all other enemies are killed, act as a gravity well, etc.). Non-champion versions of enemies that spawn in hard mode have the same amount of health as they do in normal mode."
Is it too much to ask for a new Viva Piñata? I don't think I've ever quite enjoyed a game as much as I did with Viva Piñata and its sequel.
"And frankly, I doubt the hype will be deserved in any way.  Given Rare's track record since being bought by Microsoft, I'm shocked anyone gives a shit that they're announcing any games at all.  Viva Pinata is cool, and Nuts&amp;Bolts was fun(but sure as hell not a BK game), but other than that?  Meh, I'm putting all my bets on Playtonic and Yooka-Laylee.  Rare has been dead for a long time.  Though I would love to be wrong."
"I agree the AI is amazing, combat is fun, story is really interesting. Only thing a little bit lacking I feel is the level design. Even for 2005 the levels are a little bland and uninteresting, and to me its not that scary. When you have huge machine guns, it takes away about 50% of the horror potential."
"I just started the third one this evening. It's not that bad if you view it as the series's ""Army of Darkness"" type entry."
No idea what this is but I downloaded it from your link. It installs and runs fine but requires some sort of USB sensor to play.
"In my opinion, the gunplay and destructiveness in the original FEAR has never quite been matched. It was way ahead of its time and is still better than most. Games like Battlefield have more realistic and comprehensive environmental destruction models but don't have the insane gunplay to match. 

I spent hours with infinite slow motion on, just tearing through the levels like a tornado of death. I loved throwing a grenade, activating slow motion, shooting the grenade in the air so it blew up right in the face of the enemy then charging forward into a bicycle kick to take out any survivors. 

FEAR 2 &amp; 3 were massively downgraded in every possible way and essentially killed the franchise. "
"Maybe this is coming from the other side of the bridge and is an unpopular opinion, but i'd consider it more *tedium* than *challenge.*

Yes death shouldn't just be meaningless but even then it's basically just sprinting past the enemies to get to the boss door which can range from quick and painless(demon firesage/centipede demon) to pointlessly annoying(Seath the scaleless.) These just off the top of my head mind you.

There is no challenge here except finding the most optimal way to run past the enemies for your next attempt. My only real gripe was about boss attempts, not so much everything else. 

The bonfire system is pretty decent *until* you hit that point where they're just too far away from boss rooms which the designers clearly knew would most likely take several attempts to defeat."
With raids it does people don't want to learn fights as you go and do them blind because there's guides and videos of how to do that from test realm fights. Instead they want everyone to have watched a video and go through the motions and get the loot. Makes raiding only about execution of others strategies from the start rather than learning and then executing your own.
"Why the hell would they be remaking Battletoads?

As a kid I remember thinking it was a total rip-off of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.  It came out at the end of the NES's lifecycle, it was extremely difficult (not a good thing - NES games were extremely difficult already by today's standards), and though I never got to the end, one reviewer said the ending was a total let down.

On the other hand, another reviewer said the game was the most graphically advanced on the NES.  I'm wondering, how much did Rare pay that guy?  Because I'm looking at the screenshots, and the vast majority of them show barren wastelands filled with repeating textures.  Contrast with TMNT 2 Arcade for the NES:

http://vendyxiao.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/TMNT_2_NES.png

Now that's impressive!

Hell, Mega Man 2 looked worlds better than Battletoads.

It seems to me Battletoads has gotten some sort of revival in recent years because let's players on Youtube like ridiculously hard games.  But the same could be said of Cheetahmen and it's cult following and I hope to god Microsoft isn't remaking that.

In summary, Battletoads was never anything more than a rip off of TMNT and TMNT's arcade game, and there's no IP or gameplay there worth salvaging with a remake."
Yeah and if too many people do that then they label the hardware a flop and bin it. There's nothing wrong with going with the first iteration of something that has the potential to be really big. I'm sure it will be patched for quite a while and get better and better before they put out another version of the hardware years later. 
I wonder one of [these cheapo USB optical heartbeat sensors](http://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/Easy-to-carry-the-operation-is_1713961599.html) would work
"Well, it sounds like much, but I'll beware... Recent games did not do well when they promised much kontent (*looking at you*) and fell prey to bugs or bad business practices and what not.

However, story DLCs are something I always appreciate, that's the right to make ""additional downloadable content"""
"It's weird that I've never felt that FEAR 1 was particularly scary. I kinda realized early on that Alma couldn't do anything to my character and most, if not all, of the scenes that involved her are only scripted scenes where she appears for you to look at, and nothing else. Most of the time she appeared, I was just looking at the ground searching for items.

The scene I was truly scared scene in the FEAR franchise was the [school scene.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80dB9U1qCR4) The atmosphere was really freaky, couple that with spirits that are quite fast, can come from anywhere, and hit really hard, made me feel very vulnerable and it was a very scary scene that made my heart pound the first time I played it."
"It's too bad we can't determine the meaning of an ambiguous word by the context it's used in or something like that...

That would just be silly."
"it kind of sounds like they're just using the new game's engine and mechanics as a delivery system for a number of smaller episodes (and of course challenge maps). which actually sounds cool to me if the content turns out substantive. I'd only really be all that interested in the narrative missions though, hopefully the cost of just those individually won't be quite as much as the full season pass"
"&gt;I think most people can agree that the level design was pretty horrid.

That's funny because that's why you and /u/Frostcrag64 are gushing over the AI.  The fact is that's 90% of the reason the AI works as it does.  I'll let one of the designers elaborate:

&gt;As much as we like to pat ourselves on the back, and talk about how smart our A.I. are, the
reality is that all A.I. ever do is move around and play animations! Think about it. An A.I. going
for cover is just moving to some position, and then playing a duck or lean animation. An A.I.
attacking just loops a firing animation. Sure there are some implementation details; we
assume the animation system has key frames which may have embedded messages that tell
the audio system to play a footstep sound, or the weapon system to start and stop firing, but as
far as the A.I.’s decision-making is concerned, he is just moving around or playing an
animation.

and

&gt;The design philosophy at Monolith is that the designer’s job is to create interesting spaces for
combat, packed with opportunities for the A.I. to exploit. For example, spaces filled with
furniture for cover, glass windows to dive through, and multiple entries for flanking. Designers
are not responsible for scripting the behavior of individuals, other than for story elements. This
means that the A.I. need to autonomously use the environment to satisfy their goals.

...

&gt;The cheese is where things really get exciting. We give the A.I. the ability to reposition when
his current cover position is invalidated. This simply requires adding the Ambush goal. When
an A.I.’s cover is compromised, he will try to hide at a node designated by designers as an
Ambush node. The final layer is the olives, which really bring out the flavor. For this layer, we
add dialogue that lets the player know what the A.I. is thinking, and allows the A.I. to
communicate with squad members. We’ll discuss this a little later.


Further reading: http://alumni.media.mit.edu/~jorkin/gdc2006_orkin_jeff_fear.pdf

**EDIT:** I actually hadn't opened the video yet when I posted this.  I'm glad to see Noah doing his research because I've been posting this link for a few years whenever the topic of FEAR AI comes up.  "
"People should read this excellent analysis from an AR/VR professional: http://doc-ok.org/?p=1223

&gt; In summary, here are the main take-home points:

&gt; * Very small field of view (estimated 30°x17.5°).
* High resolution, good brightness and contrast, good image quality.
* Purely additive display, meaning virtual objects appear translucent, especially when in front of a bright background.
* Supports all main depth cues except accommodation, making it a holographic display in my book.
* Virtual objects are not occluded by the real environment and/or the user’s arms or 
* Usable gaze-based selection, but no hand tracking and only a single “click” 
* Reliable voice recognition.
* Completely untethered, light, and comfortable to wear.
* Probably short battery life.

&gt; Would I buy it? Not as it is now, but with an improved field of view and reliable hand tracking and more detected gestures, it would be a very good match for most of our applications."
It wasn't from my experience. The games where terrible but on a PC I was amazed of how well it could track people in the crappiest of situations. The SDK mad it amazingly simple to get skeleton tracking in an app.
"Same spot, and in/with whatever vehicle you've picked up. Nice if you don't want to drive something back to the safehouse but want to have it next time you start up."
"Wolfenstein 2D - Escape nazi prison, murder nazis. 


Wolfenstein 3D - Escape from Nazi Prison, stop an evil mutant zombie making scientist, Kill Hitler who learned how to obi-wan the fuck out of shit, stop the nazi chemical weapons. 

Wolfenstein 3D: Spear of Destiny - Steal the Spear of Destiny from Hitler, technically a prequel to Chapter 3. Possibly takes place after 1 and 2, no real confirmation on that if I remember correctly...

Return to wolf - Let's go a little crazy with the nazi zombie thing. But let's introduce TRUE zombies, and ghosts and shit.

Wolf'09 - Fuck it, let's continue this occult shit. What if there was ANOTHER SIDE TO THE UNIVERSE! A reverse side. 


Yeah, basically it all started because of 3D, they just decided they didn't enjoy taking things too seriously when it came to realism during the laater games. "
"He is right about the strengths of the franchise being gunplay, enemy intelligence and the horror aesthetic. The story and characters are crap but at least the FEAR 1 + Expansions understood to keep that to a minimum. It's the cosmic/supernatural horror that you can't shoot that ends up being actually scary but that relies on the player not being able to see the strings behind the scene. Once you realise how much of that horror is scripted and harmless it ceases to be scary. I wish more games would use [non-euclideon level design](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xFbRecjKQA) to make a discordant world to keep the player on edge. This was something that FEAR used but not very often. Most of the time it was just spooky Alma running past corridors or ""spooky"" ghouls that you had to shoot. Generally, if you can kill it with a gun and you throw it at the player a few times then it ceases to be scary. This is why old survival horror games were often so scary because ammo was so scarce and often monsters had to be ran away from rather than shot."
"I kinda feel like The Killing Joke has been referenced so many times in the Arkham games that a full game or a big DLC based on it would be overkill.

Arkham Origins had that Joker origin sequence, which was basically a playable version of a similar sequence from The Killing Joke. And Asylum, City and Origins are pretty much all about the Batman/Joker relationship, which is the central crux of The Killing Joke.

Honestly, the Barbara bit of that book is pretty much all they have left to work with."
He said that he finally got a new computer that could handle the bloated flash file. That's how he was able to work on it again.
"I want to save anywhere, anytime I want. At the end of the day, I play video games as a form of entertainment. If something comes up or I'm just bored of the game at the moment, I want to be able to stop the game without feeling like I'm being punished for doing so. "
"In their defense it was 2005 and the game probably didn't have a gigantic budget compared to contemporaries like Doom 3 and Half-Life 2.  I do remember being absolutely floored by the particle effects though, and watching this video makes me remember why."
"Anti-fun is a common term when discussing game mechanics, it may not be correct English, but it is commonly used in online discussions. It means that something is more than just ""not fun"", the very basic design of it is against the idea of fun."
For a desktop GPU it would be easy as pie but this is some mobile device. The graphics are basic but it has to render many objects at the same time (3D robot + 3D weather + 2D Skype + video player...).
"Whooooooo the fuck cares. Rare has been dead to me for over a decade now. I'm incredibly happy we're getting yooka laylee but seriously I couldn't care less what Rare does anymore, and that's coming from someone who ownes every single game they made on the snes and n64"
"Well, people know the name, especially from the meme. Some people will no doubt buy it to bug Gamestop employees."
"I'll grant you it has name recognition, but there is absolutely nothing interesting about the game's story, characters, or setting to support a remake.  "
"I guess...nostalgia? But nobody *really* liked Battletoads...yeah, you're right, it doesn't make much sense.

EDIT: Nevermind, people do like Battletoads."
"I'm in the same boat. I like games that auto save, but I like them to tell me that they're going to save when I exit or for the auto saving logo to be super obvious when I do something. If I can manually save, I will do it before I exit, as well as having auto saves.

EDIT: Also, fuck you Tomb Raider: Definitive Edition. If I'd had easily accessible save points (I know you can manually save another file at campsites), I wouldn't have lost my 79% complete when it bugged out and corrupted my file. :("
"That all sounds very fun, especially the super-villain invasion and playing as Batman's allies.

It is just always fun to have more of those iconic characters."
"I really hope they don't do it - I know it's an important part of her story but is there any need for it? They could just make a 4 hour campaign where Batgirl does all sorts of stuff and it has nothing to do with The Joker. She has her own comics and everything. She doesn't need to be defined by that one event, I feel like it is a little disrespectful to her character. And at this point, predictable as well."
"I think with FEAR it shows the difference between scary and creepy/eerie. 

Horror is one of those things you can do reasonably cheaply, but it doesn't really have a great lasting payoff the 10th time you yank the player's chain, which I think is an issue if you're making a ~8h game. I feel FEAR did well for sustaining an atmosphere that everything isn't quite right, of unease both with the supernatural elements and the fighting the armacham army in what would mostly be normal/dull environments."
"That's microsoft for you, doesn't understand pop culture or people in general, and mistook the jokes and memes as demand for a new game."
"Hopefully this wont end up like tablet computers with Microsoft doing a huge amount of research and development work releasing a product and everyone passing over it only to a few years later worship apple over the same idea.  

the world wasnt ready for tablet pcs back in 2002 but Microsoft tried and got burned for it, the market may not be ready for AR devices yet."
"yeah, robin and nightwing were actually really fun in arkham city. robin had a badass version of the batclaw where he zips towards an enemy and kickes them in the face, and had a fucking bulletproof shield. they really put effort into these optional characters.

edit: changed ""batwing"" to ""batclaw""."
"I didn't get very far in the game but I really liked it. It was somehow entertaining and the controllability of the character worked for me. Toughness was a plus, too. Making progress felt good."
"Nuts N Bolts 2? Come on guys, I NEED it. I must be the only person that liked nuts n bolts, but it was unique and nothing has done the same since. minecraft together a vehicle out of awesome parts, to beat levels with platforming/flying/racing in them. loved it.

sure it wasn't Banjo Kazooie 3, but i still liked it."
"I don't think any DLC for the Arkham games have been great - unless you're into the challenge maps or character skins. Harley Quinn's Revenge was disappointing and Cold, Cold Heart from Origins was even more of a let down. Thank god the main games are so damn good."
"Well yeah, if the materials used to make the reward cost them the amount of the asking donation price then what would be the point?"
"From what I could tell, Battletoads only got super difficult when you played co-op, mostly because friendly fire was on.

As a big TMNT fan I've never seen it as a TMNT ripoff. Like... they're ~~reptiles~~amphibians who fight things? That's pretty much where the similarities end."
"The vet staff left nearly 10 years ago. How long am I supposed to 'give them a chance' for? I gave them a chance with Nuts and Bolts, they let me down. They let me down with the Perfect Dark game, and the Kinect games. 

Please don't tell me what I did or didn't do. "
"Agreed. ..too little too late. They almost refuse to revisit old IPs, and even then, Banjo Kazooie 3 seemed like they were squeezed in a different game. 

Unless it's Conker or Jet Force Gemini, I don't care. "
"Replaying parts you've beaten doesn't inherently make a game more challenging. By definition, you've beaten it before, so it should actually be easier, and less exciting. Also, Dark Souls is a bad example because dying is a mechanic in itself since the game world alters whenever you do, iirc."
only a single click motion with their hand. it was doing head tracking to select items on menus and such though. this is still early tech.
"I kinda require the wikis. 

In Dark Souls 2, I had no fucking clue what those stats were. Was fucking around and throwing myself at the Heides tower of big bastards and just wondering how on earth could I deal damage. Then the wiki suggested the Forrest, and frankly, aside from the ogre, it's good. 

DA:O has a wiki to suggest a good sequence of locations to visit. That was pretty neat. Been useful in Inquisition as well since those operations were a pain without.

Then Warframe, which, without the wiki and the data mining would have driven me mad. The drop rates and the mod drops were REALLY useful.

So yeah, I like them wikis for both online and offline games."
Those new laptops are made with shitty performance on purpose. I'd say it's *very* rare for a modern laptop to not be able to play 1080p videos.
There is one important difference though. With Surface there was competition already on the market for years. Hololens is pretty much pioneer technology or at least launches with the pioneers.
"ipad clone? You really think apple invented the tablet concept.. 

http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--Iu3dzcXg--/c_fit,fl_progressive,q_80,w_636/18kz35gb83xunjpg.jpg"
Do you know there's a new game company called Playtonic made up of old members from Rare who worked on banjo Kazooie and other games? They're making a new collectathon right now. 
"I dunno about your rose-colored glasses (or if you're going all the way back to EQ/Ultima days), but your description of ""these days"" perfectly encompasses my experience of WoW mid-2007. There's always going to be someone who tryhards, there's always going to be someone figuring out the ideal, and there are always going to be thousands willing to copy them wholesale to get ahead. Those things are easier and more visible now, but it's not like they're some new innovation. 

At the same time, you can still explore and experiment on your own. You'll be putting yourself at a disadvantage, but don't act like going into MC with a crappy non-elitestjerks approved build was going to fly without similarly putting yourself at a disadvantage. In PVP, immediately after Arena appeared there were only 2-3 viable FOTM class combo teams for each bracket, and the period of ""variety and experimentation"" after a patch lasted a few days (on the PTS) at absolute maximum. At the same time you could still roll with non-fotm if you were fine never making gladiator, there were plenty of varied and experimental group comps down in the lower rankings. 

Games are made of numbers, and any competitive game necessarily drives its players to find the best numbers possible. Acting as if it's ever been any different is either applying crazy nostalgia goggles or just remembering a time when you didn't pay attention to the people who were driven. "
"If I get to see Deathstroke without having to play Arkham Origins, I say: ""blow us away, Rocksteady. Prove me wrong about this season pass"""
Luckly for them... The audience does the exact same thing. That's why people who never played a half life game and are blissfully unaware of Black Mesa still very well would buy HL3 expecting the best game ever.
"The digimon ANIMATED SERIES was made to capitalize on the pokemon craze, but going past that and saying digimon are a pokemon ripoff is a bit ignorance.

Digimon were made to capitalize on the Tamagotchi craze. For a long time they were portable virtual pets that you used to fight other people with. This predated pokemons success. The bandai videogames werent even taking any single hintas off of pokemon, not in story, gameplay or anything of the sort and were clearly developed instead as adaptations of the digivice pets."
"Rare was somewhat more of a second party dev to Nintendo back then, I'd say, and second parties typically do well on Nintendo platforms (see Retro). I think if Rare's quality output was maintained, they would've done well."
"Catwoman wasn't DLC, she was part of the story, it was only cut for used sales. If you bought a new copy you got Catwoman. "
"Thing is, it had to have already happened. Because Oracles is IN previous games. She's even Oracle, in the Wheelchair in Arkham City. So really, the Killing Joke already happened. Very surprised no one already mentioned this here.

This effectively makes the playable Batgirl in Arkham Knight essentially the New 52 version of Batgirl after her experimental surgery to allow her to walk/move again."
"The game literally calls it ""quick save"".  The point is, the quick save behaves differently than an auto-save.  Unless you're the worlds largest pedant then that's all that really matters here.  The fact that it takes an extra button or two seems largely irrelevant."
"Looks like Oragami.

Concept art is also a bad way to judge a  cancelled game, because it is just ideas."
"It'll probably be a $10 DLC that's 2-3 hours long like Harley Quinn's Revenge or Cold, Cold Heart. People seem to say that they're disappointing, but I felt that they're ok enough."
Not only that but as with all technology it will have quirks that will get fixed after a new generation of hardware gets out. 
"Some anon on 4chan told everyone to call this one GameStop and ask for battletoads for the lulz. At one point they were getting over 6,000 calls a day. They also did this to Las Vegas Gold and Silver (the pawn shop where Pawnstars is filmed). It's funny because battletoads is a random game that's hard to find but shouldn't have this much demand."
It acts like a regular windows pc/laptop with a touch interface that resembles nothing of the ipad. I have both and the ipad is more counter productive as you can use it for sweet fuck all in comparison. Why bother fucking around with apps when the surface runs full software. 
The WiiU version was functionally a GOTY edition. It came out more than a full year after the original game.
I think it's still best to wait for reviews of each DLC to decide to buy or not. Preordering DLC is no different from preordering a game: you're buying a promise and hoping it was worth the money.
"I'm crossing my fingers, hoping and praying that Deathstroke will be Nightwing's main villain in Gotham City Stories. "
I think it'd be more appropriate to compare it to a high-end smartphone that you can wear. That'll satisfy all the hardware requirements and put the cost at the $600-$1000 range.
"&gt; In my opinion, the gunplay and destructiveness in the original FEAR has never quite been matched.

Agreed. It's a shame how many things were done so well in F.E.A.R. and for one reason or another [more current games don't come close](http://i.imgur.com/f3fPs5x.gif)."
"This. F.E.A.R. was a great shooter, but it wasn't really scary on the same level that Dead Space or Condemned were. Since you couldn't fight Alma, and she didn't attack you for the most part, she wasn't that scary, and the soldiers broadcasted their presence.

That said, it was a *fantastic* FPS title. Fast paced, responsive, and Point Man's time slowing ability was a great resource."
Anyone else pissed off out how the douchebag just ripped on that game dev the entire time trying to be all edgy and funny?  It's a presentation not a comedy special.
"For the sake of my sanity, I just want everyone to know that BREATHE is the verb that describes the act of taking breaths. You breathe in and breathe out, you do not breath in and breath out unless you're saying something like ""I'm going to store my onion breath in this jar for later enjoyment."""
Pretty much par for the course with Joel McHale and video games. I have no clue why they had him do VGAX (or whatever it was called). He came off as a douche and I didn't find any of his contribution funny. 
"First time since the 90s that I've had a download mysteriously get corrupted then. Instead of redownloading it I just assumed it was being hosted as corrupt. D:
(Most likely the server/client cut the download as prematurely done)

Found Kotaku had a little snippet on the O.zen client being available as well ( scroll down near bottom ) - but no new info except a hint that it's being beta tested by fans and the guess is that Ubisoft didn't bother with locking down the download page when the sensor is required ( this could fire back for them if someone reverse engineers the sensor for cheap, thus avoiding materials cost of sensor + built in cost of game into sensor ): http://www.kotaku.com.au/2014/04/ubisoft-has-over-9000-employees/ "
Nothing but kinect sports. I'm weary of what's to come because they also lost most of the original team.
"What? If it's too stressful then don't do it. That's one of the really cool things about interactivity, you can choose do whatever you want."
"Right? If you hire a comedian expect jokes. 

If you want someone to just stand there and say oh, cool. Hire a professional speaker that's well versed with technology. 

I personally thought his jokes were funny, but maybe not appropriate for the setting. "
"Condemned was acutally scary, but Dead Space? If anything it had jump scares which wore out quite fast."
It seems like a lot of the people who are working on Banjo 3 aren't particularly happy. I wonder if this poor attitude will translate into a poor game.
"I haven't had the opportunity to use any VR products yet, but if they are as immersive as many testers have claimed, I can't blame Sony for being cautious on this one. Suicide is a fairly sensitive subject for a lot of people, and it could spark some unnecessary controversy or reticence that just isn't worth it at this stage."
"Ubisoft always likes to get in really early on new Nintendo tech. This was probably a response to the announcement of the Wii's Vitality sensor, incase that somehow managed to fly off the shelves like the Balance Board did.

Probably the same reason why it disappeared when the vitality sensor was cancelled."
"Full opaque VR does that job better.  AR is for combining the real-world with the VR components, which implies motion-control gimmicks."
"Also, if someone with a heart condition or something similar has an averse reaction to the demo it'd be a nightmare for them to deal with.

I can understand their caution - VR is still a highly experimental field in many ways, and they're trying to approach it carefully."
"&gt; Replaying parts you've beaten doesn't inherently make a game more challenging

THIS. It makes it tedious. Not fun."
Certainly but what is considered consumer grade depends on the competition. I believe that if Surface was released before the iPad nobody would consider it not ready.
It wouldn't have been shit on if they didn't plaster BK into it. It's a good game but a TERRIBLE Banjo game.
"I think it's more 343 employees hating the work given to them in-between games. I mean when you join a studio designed solely to make Halo and your first assignment is some boring work on a platformer game (something like fixing small errors or improving lighting) then I'm pretty sure you'd be at least a little upset.

It could all just be intentional hype though, we'll never know."
Do you really think networks and netcode have reached a point where any improvement is impossible due to the laws of physics?
"Agreed. It was a Lego fantasy really. If they could spin it off and away from Banjo to shut everyone up, kind of like Rayman and Raving Rabbids, I imagine a second would be great."
"They are actually working on more than 1 game right now, so it's possible that multiple theories are correct"
"The Rayman leak was done really well and took quite a bit of time to make it convincing, so I wouldn't say it's easy to fake leaks. At least the kind of leaks that convinces more than just a few knuckleheads."
"You're reaching super hard. What mitosis said is not remotely suggestive of what you are claiming. There's no relation whatsoever between observing that suicide is a sensitive issue and the statement ""we should ban paper because you could write something racist on it""

Nobody was even talking about banning or regulating anything lol "
"First time I've heard of this game. If anyone is interested, here's a link I found from their website. http://joinsquad.com/about

As someone who has played mainly Planetside 2, BF4 and Insurgency. This game has certainly piqued my interest."
"That's absolutely not the same thing.

Look at all the people riding rollercoasters in VR. People actually flinch, lean and scream when doing it, which is not the case with riding rollercoaster on a normal screen. I've done it, and I've seen other people doing it. Even when you say ""eh, it won't be anything special"", you DO lean and you DO flinch. Your brain really thinks that you're on a rollercoaster, and when you take it off, your brain is REALLY confused.

The same thing could happen with suicides and other ""dangerous"" activities. People could say ""eh, it's just a game, nothing will happen to me"" and then get seriously fucked up by a suicide scene because of your brain thinking ""I am ACTUALLY falling down a building/pointing a loaded gun at myself/stabbing myself"".

I wouldn't be surprised if in future we'll hear about incidents of mental trauma ""inflicted"" by VR headsets. It's just that immersive."
"Except *Army of Darkness* had a self deprecating sense of humor that worked in its favor.

*F.3.A.R.*  tries to take itself too seriously and only becomes funny in SBIG moments."
If they do add Deathstroke he better not be just a Robin reskin again. That was such a disappointment in Origins
"Meh. It's more of ""my opinion about"" than actual exploration. And I really can't agree with the part about removing death mechanics, because this guy clearly didn't play WarioLand 3! Which is a game you should absolutely play btw. 

WL3 has probably the best ""no death"" mechanics in any game I've ever played, basically you're immortal, but different kind of monsters can put you into a wide range of ""altered states"" which change the way Wario controls and interacts with his surroundings to a certain digree. These are both setbacks and necessary parts of progress - for instance, being in ""set on fire"" state makes you run super fast so if you were looking to do any precision platforming, you're fucked and it will end up being punishing (you have to wait until the state goes away), but at the same time certain levels use Wario's burning state to set something else on fire, which in turn allows progress.  Getting ""fat"" (caused by monsters that throw donuts at you) reduces your ability to jump and slows you down, usually wasting as much time as respawning would, but at the same time some of blocks can be crushed by jumping on them while fat, discovering new passageways. And so on. This is the only kind of punishment the game has, and it doesn't detract from the gameplay at all."
Studios help assist on remedial work on other projects all the time. It's really common especially if it's large studio such as 343.
"That comparison would be applicable only if Sony was canceling Project Morpheus, because of the suicide option, which is not happening."
"I'd just comment that the FOV of this prototype was smaller than the original one shown 3 months ago, and since most people that tested it some months ago that tested this newer one have immediately had the complaint that the FOV was smaller, my guess is the next prototype will expand it a bit.

We can hope!

Anyway, the fun thing about this is while this is still early tech, the concept of Augmented Reality is really exciting and Microsoft showed us how much closer to reality it is.  And, as a developer myself, it gets the wheels in my head turning on cool Windows Universal Apps to build.  Thank you for that link!"
"Yes, he talks about the endings and important scenes.  If you plan on playing the games you should play them first, then watch the video."
"&gt;  kinda realized early on that Alma couldn't do anything to my character and most, if not all, of the scenes that involved her are only scripted scenes where she appears for you to look at, and nothing else.

There's at least one section where if you touch her you'll die instantly, so there's that."
"Holy shit the comedy was cringy  

""This is how I like to relax- legs spread""  

""very sexy, haha""  

*silence*"
"I don't know if it's why this thread was deleted, but I've had comments on /r/games deleted by mods after the person I was replying to deleted their comment, despite my comment breaking no rules. It's a bit silly."
I'm not sure what this article is talking about. I mean with the current Morpheus set up... whats stopping you from just pointing the gun at yourself and firing a shot? If thats whats supposed to be the stressful part?  A red screen saying 'you died' definitely wouldn't be it.
"That's a pretty bad comparison. I don't know what the game is on the right but you can tell even without a side-by-side that the particle effects on the right are meant to look more cartoonish, whereas FEAR tries to be more realistic."
"To me it all just felt so inconsequential. By the end of the DLC, everything is back the way it was before, nothing was gained and all they did was close out a potential story element they introduced in Arkham City. Sure playing as robin was a lot of fun, but it all felt rather meaningless honestly."
"As someone who deals with suicidal thoughts/contemplation on a pretty daily-ish basis, that makes me happy.  I'm not opposed to it being in a game but it's a subject you need to approach with some tact, and if the way they were doing it ended up being too stressful for testers without adding anything really meaningful then it makes sense they'd remove it.  It's not censorship to look at a piece of a work that isn't doing what you intended and decide the work is better off without it."
"Nobody is suggesting we ban paper, let alone ban anything.  

This is pretty much the definition of a strawman.  "
"They're happy with the game itself, the 343 dude just felt spiteful of the fact he got taken away from Halo to work on a platformer he really didn't have much interest in."
"This really reeks of PR hype. With the oculus  rift being available to people for a couple of years, this was never an issue. "
"I could imagine an E3 conference where MS's Rare announcement looks like it's going to be Rare Sports Adventure 4 or something, and it becomes a Banjo 3 trailer after about 30 seconds.  Would be a very in-character way to announce it around 14 years since Rare's released a new collectathon."
"Daredevil - Gritty, Arkham-City style beat-em-up.

Bosses include the Kingpin, Bullseye, The Punisher (cameo), Stilt-Man, The Owl, Typhoid Mary, and Taskmaster.

Archer.

Alpha Protocol style RPG!

"
Why is dirt splashing all over the place? Are you kicking in the ground every time you move or something
"The Fugitive. Like the movie you're on the run, and you constantly have to evade capture while proving you're innocent. Genre wise you could make it an open world/sandbox style, or just a third person action game. It would be set in and around Chicago. Disguises and huge escape ""puzzles"" where you're evading the U.S. marshals would be bad ass."
This is also why I'm not so sure there will be any horror games available for VR. Anyone dies of a heart attack during a game and you might as well kiss the hardware goodbye. The PR nightmare could kill a small developer and probably scar a large publisher pretty badly.
"Sure, why not? You can readily find videos of people freaking out over roller coaster sims in VR even though they know they're not actually in one. It's clearly an immersive experience that takes over your brain's thought processes. So it shouldn't be a stretch to imagine that immersive suicide could be pretty distressing to some people."
"Stargate

There have been failed attempts and unfortunately anything made in the next few years will be made based on the rebooted trilogy, but a team based shooter or Telltale-esque game would be amazing. You've got a really well defined overarching universe and at the same time are able to do almost anything you want by just going through the gate to a new planet, galaxy, or alternate reality. It's the perfect IP to hand off to a developer because they can do basically whatever they want as long as it doesn't drastically change what's happening at Stargate Command or Atlantis. 

Just tell a developer to finish the Universe storyline. It was all planned out and we're not getting a conclusion on TV so let someone do it. "
"&gt; Archer.
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; Alpha Protocol style RPG!

Just tape down the Y/Triangle button during all conversations whilst pretending Thorton is voiced by H John Benjamin."
I don't know. I feel like people would be beating down their doors to play the game so scary it gave someone a heart attack.
"*edit* This got a bit rambly and poorly written but I'm not sure how else to elaborate aside from ""Bethesda-like 3D Action RPG"".

I'd *love* a high-quality open world Adventure Time RPG, something like a Bethesda title. Just playing as Finn and Jake in a large interpretation of the land of Ooo with different areas from the show opened up to exploration, each of the major and minor cast members with different quests for the player that refer back to some stories from the show. 

I'd personally prefer it to be third person since I think it fits the little action we've seen on the show and it may be asking a bit much but the characters themselves would be great to incorporate some Banjo-Kazooie style platforming, with Finn being the main player character for combat, using jake's abilities for some special attacks and to access different areas. 

The creative environments that have been shown would be great to explore and the art style would translate perfectly to a cel-shaded 3D game and look absolutely beautiful. Tie it into a story arc going on in the main series and get the audience interested in it.

Or, hell, Just have Obsidian bring over some adaptation of the game to the Stick of Truth engine. I'd take that as well.

With its large fanbase, an Adventure Time game done right and promoted properly would print money. I't's mind-blowing to me that Turner seems afraid to pour any funding into it."
"There will be VR horror games, and there will be heart attack deaths from them, unfortunately.

There will most likely be a huge disclaimer that you have to accept to play."
"I've always wanted to see an adaption of Paradise Lost in a video game format. One arc would follow Lucifer and his banishment and subsequent war against Heaven. The second arc would follow Adam &amp; Eve and their exilement from the Garden. The last arc would follow one of other angels of heaven. 

The two angel story arcs would play out like the transformers games. Different POVs of the war set within a God of War/hack and slash gameplay style. Adam\Eve would be more of survival gameplay focused. 

This game would have to be kick started cause not one AAA publisher  would touch this with a 10 ft pole."
"Sony has been very cautious about how they want to portrait Morpheus, I don't think they want people to get a bad image of the product. Like when [they had a this trailer at the TGS press conference and were going to have a showfloor demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cp1J0-Uo9PQ) (may not want to watch this around people) but many people thought it was creepy, and there were more than a few stories about the ""Creepy Sony VR demo"", so they Pulled it from the showfloor. they said it was because they didn't have enough Morpheus units or some PR reason like that, so this ""too stressful"" probably them trying to avoid negative press here too. "
"I agree. I rolled my eyes a bit at ""Arkham-style."" It already seems that WB is banking on the Arkham formula for their future non-Lego games. I don't think we really need any more."
There are several Die Hard game already [in existence](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Die_Hard_%28video_game%29).  Can't comment on their quality though.
"Firefly. It could work like a hybrid between Payday and FTL, with sections where you decide where to fly your ship, recruit a crew, take on jobs and evade the Alliance, and sections where you plan and execute missions and heists."
But Sony isn't trying to make art. They're trying to make a product that sells a lot and is free of any potential mainstream controversy that would hurt sales. 
"[Suicide in Japan is a pretty big issue](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suicide_in_Japan), them having one of the highest suicide rates in the world. I wonder if that has anything to do with it."
"That would be great. Really just about any genre can work with Stargate. Shooter, strategy, space combat, RPG, top down action, 4X, whatever else you can think of. And since the show has such a focus on teams you could do any of those co-op. There are so many opportunities and it baffles me that every attempt has either completely fallen apart or just been a really bad game. "
"And if a developer wants to release such a hard-hitting product when these VR sets are available commercially that's one thing.

This is a demo for a brand new product, a brand new *technology*, that people scarcely understand, especially in how it will affect people compared to other mediums."
"Cyberpunk styled Cthulhu Mythos game would be my dream. Have it feel like a next gen System Shock 2 but a more focus on Cthulhu.

The way I see it is what does the quintessential hacker want? Knowledge gained through breaking into servers, corporations, etc. Work in the Lovecraftian average guy gains knowledge he shouldn't have of the old ones after breaking into generic evil corporation with secrets and suffers san loss when he's exposed to a bigger conspiracy. 

No idea how the gameplay would work though. Maybe kind of like Silent Hill 4 The Room except the hole in your bathroom to silent hill hook would be exchanged with a Hacker/Uplink style computer terminal that is your way of leaving your apartment by going into cyberspace to find out more information. Could be expanded on with being recruited by the corporation or a different faction for a first person exploration of a location like Neo-Innsmouth while still coordinating with a mobile computer to aggregate data and that may or may not be infested with monsters.

The more I think about it the more I want hacking Cthulhu."
"First off, Project Reality is a game that straddles the realistic/arcade span of FPS games, and this is something Squad intends to continue. Its main tenet is teamwork, and where the game goes in terms of realistic or arcade depends on the gameplay effect on teamwork.

Secondly, it focuses on large-scale(50v50+) PvP combined arms combat on both a strategic and tactical level in a public environment. Whereas in Arma, you generally have to join communities, engage in considerable prep time, include mods, and so on, PR and Squad attempt to create a similar level of teamwork and gameplay in a public server setting. To do this, various restrictions are imposed that would be community/mod enforced in an Arma environment(Equipment, organization, etc.), and many features that one would consider realistic or unrealistic are removed or added to create this gameplay(Spawning system, medical system, etc.).

Thirdly, PR and Squad focus on dynamic and emergent gameplay through its mechanics. This means team objectives that are placed and altered dynamically based on the players' actions, allowing the teams to affect where and how engagements are fought.

The spawning mechanic does the same. Teams have only one fixed spawn(The main base), and all others are placed by the teams and squads. You have Team Spawns and Squad Spawns, the former of which can be used by anyone on your team, while the latter can only be used by their respective squads. In PR the Team Spawns require supplies to construct(As well as shoveling), and in Squad they may also require constant resupply to continue operating.

A myriad other deployables are also available, some shown in the video, and will also include weapons like AT Launchers, Mortars, Heavy Machine Guns, and so on.

All of this allows teams to defensive and support positions that, in addition to their primary functions, also serve as secondary ""unofficial"" objectives. While they don't mechanically have any value by giving or taking points from a team, they have real value in the game. Taking out the enemy's spawn locations means they are unable to reinforce the front as quickly or at all, while destroying mortar positions can reduce incoming fire on your team's positions or hinder the enemy's ability to advance.

And all of this is player operated. Deployables are physically placed and built by the teams, mortars and the like are manned and operated by players, supplies are delivered by players, players are transported by players, etc. 

Fourthly, in PR communication is a **high priority**. Pretty much anyone on a team has and uses a microphone to communicate with their squad and team. Just public players using mics productively because it improves their gameplay experience. This is something you will certainly also see in Squad.

Here's a couple of Project Reality videos showing the kind of gameplay you can expect in Squad:

[Combined Arms Assault[INS]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9waniT0Ec4Y): Several squads, infantry and armor, cooperate to advance on and take out an enemy weapons cache in the Insurgency game mode.

[Outpost Assault[AAS]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nzENjh39o8): Squad assaults and destroys an enemy FOB(Team spawn) and mortar position in the Assault And Secure game mode.

[Urban Combat[AAS]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwZauEPDOFQ): Two teams fighting it out over several objectives in the city.

dbzao, the video uploader, is a PR dev and has plenty more videos on his channel."
"I'm not talking about those sims we've had for years with the big screens and moving chairs. I'm specifically referring to the virtual reality goggle coaster sims where it's just the goggles at play:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoQ0OXJCbaE"
"Yeah, I could see it freaking people out pretty handily. I mean, you end up literally staring down the barrel of a gun. There's a certain instinctual response to that kind of imagery."
"Wild Wild West.  The action scenes are pretty much a series of setpieces, each demonstrating a unique scenario that could translate into a novel mechanic.

* Evade magnetic blades while running through a gauntlet set in a corn field.
* Pilot a flying machine while dropping bombs onto the giant mechanical spider, possibly while fighting off enemy flying machines
* Shooter scenario against soldier units jumping out of and between paintings
* The train battle against Loveless would be another shooter scenario, keeping off infantry boarding the train by horse while activating countermeasures like a tower defense game; progresses to train-top battle
* Final level: the giant mechanical spider after you board it; you ascend a few levels while shooting and fighting infantry, all while the level sways as the spider moves"
"Morpheus isn't meant to be art. The Oculus Rift isn't meant to be art.      
They're meant to be interface technology.

Sony is only a business, therefore one should only assume that hey would do what's good for their business.              

Most AAA games aren't art, either. They're only products."
"Single player mostly Hunger Games where you can get invaded by random people online. If you die, you take over someone else in the game requiring you to come up with completely different strategies and adapt to new weapons. 

Multiplayer versions have been created in the past using Minecraft or even ARMA 2 but I'd like a version where you'd have an RPG element for forging alliances and the experience would last for multiple day/night cycles."
"I don't think that would work. 

Indy is always on some sort of mission, giving him a huge open world with no clear goal wouldn't work."
"what i really want to see is a strategy game styled like xcom: enemy unknown in the stargate universe, as you said the show's got a focus on teams, as well as developing new aircraft and weapons from salvaged alien tech, and then just rework waiting for missions to occur (alien abductions and such in xcom) into exploring new planets through the gate and you've got a game i'd definitely get"
Give the Archer licence to Telltale or Obsidian(South Park: Stick of Truth) and treat it like another season of the show. 
...Aren't you just being unnecessarily pedantic? You aren't wrong but it really has no relevance to the point he was making.
The **Mistborn** series of books by Brandon Sanderson I think would make a fantastic game in a similar style to Dishonored. Or a game set in that universe at least. 
"I feel so torn. I mean, obviously I'm hoping for the absolute best with Playtonic and Yooka-Laylee and I really, really want them to create a game worthy of the N64 days. On the other hand, if Rare is *finally* making a new Banjo, of course I want that to be good too, but after giving up on Rare so many years ago I don't want to be that guy who shits on a company and then comes back to suckle its teets again when they finally release what I want.

Anyway, I guess we'll see how it goes next month. If it's another Banjo game, sweet. Two 3D platformers for the fans. Let's just hope Microsoft doesn't suck the imagination out of yet another Banjo installment..."
"It's quite important, because it will be an entirely different level of experience.

It's like comparing the Alpha of a game to the finished game.

(The *real* alpha stage, not the modern 'early access' BS)."
"&gt;Also, if someone with a heart condition or something similar has an averse reaction to the demo it'd be a nightmare for them to deal with.

That can happen anyways. If you have a heart condition then try to avoid these kind of situations, a simple explainer should be enough to warn people."
"From Little Orbit. 

Their back catalogue [back catalogue](http://i.imgur.com/8kulsmq.png?1) doesn't fill me with any shred of confidence. 

Also they're switching out Vin for a (what I assume is a dull generic) male protagonist. I kinda wish I didn't know about this game now. "
"Along a similar line, cutscenes *need* to be pausable.  Y'know, like every other modern entertainment medium and usually the game itself."
"I think *Highlander* would work well as a video game.

I know of at least one attempt to bring *Highlander* to the last generation of consoles. For various, business-related reasons that project didn't see the light of day, which is a shame.  

I think a *Highlander* game that plays similar to *Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor* or *Assassin's Creed* would be interesting.  Different levels could be different time periods, or the game could take place predominantly in modern times but include flashbacks.

With reports of a *Highlander* remake being worked on, I wouldn't be surprised if we at least saw a movie tie-in game appear. 

"
"Honestly this is the right call IMO. People now know that this was a thing, but that Sony also thought it was too much for a demo. This keeps the stupid controversies from holding it back while still allowing devs to add the feature if they want it for their reasons. Having mechanics/options is cool but somtimes you don't need them all."
"I think they should have at least made it optional where you could choose to have it on or off when you first start up the game and then be able to switch it from the options menu. But this is probably the first time where I kinda believe it, the human brain is a strange thing."
Open world/Elder Scrolls/Fallout 3 type game set in The Dresden Files universe. If the main character is Harry Dresden then a Telltale style point and click adventure game.
"Didn't DICE do that with BF4? like in BF3 if you wanted to die real quick because you were too far from a flag or whatever you can suicide, but in BF4 they changed it to redeploy."
I always thought that a Men in Black game in the style of L.A. Noire would be really cool. Of course the tone would be vastly different but there are counterparts in the MiB series for each element of game play in L.A. noire.
So throw a warning up at the start of the game.  I've seen a few horror games that do this already without using any kind of VR function.  Although does anyone else share my desire of wanting to play Quake 4 with VR support? Specifically this (possibly NSFW) [scene.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJwyjWpP4XA)
"I've used both DK2 and Crescent Bay.

It's *very* different.

The requirements of presence means that a small change that goes over that final barrier results in a huge change.

Going beyond 75 HZ to 90 HZ, doubling the resolution, adding 360 degree positional tracking, and the new fresnel lenses, as well as the lighter weight is a huge change."
"And you have to find clues to track down your wife's killer, and it's a different person each time, just someone living in the city. That'd be awesome"
"I feel like the author of this video and the CCC article are mislabeling trial &amp; error and process of elimination. A more appropriate title for this would be something like challenge and consequence.

Process of elimination is looking at your set of available actions and removing some using logic. Trial and error is trying each of those actions until you find the one that works (what he labels PoE). If you play a sudoku puzzle you use the process of elimination to find where numbers go by determining and writing where they would and would not be legal in a given row, column, or box. If you filled in the grid with numbers then checked to see if you solved the puzzle and if not, erased and started over, you would be using trial and error. IWBTG uses trial and error. Out of this world/another world uses trial and error. 

Which US union leader mysteriously disappeared in 1975?  
A: Barack Obama  
B: Kevin Spacey  
C: Bruce Willis  
D: Jimmy Hoffa   
You solve multiple choice questions by ideally knowing the correct answer, but if you don't you use the process of elimination. Trial and error would be choosing option A, handing in the test, getting a grade, then retaking the test and trying option B. . . repeat until you pass. I know A is the US president and B and C are film actors, so even though I don't recognize D I choose Hoffa because I eliminated the other 3.

Then again, perhaps he's right and I'm wrong."
"Gun laws are extremely strict in Japan. Hanging, throwing oneself in front of a train, overdosing, and various other methods are all much more common methods of suicide than shooting oneself as a result."
"That suicide number_may_ have to do with the Japanese police's 99.9% clearance rate. (opinion: I don't think they actually solve 99.9% of all suspicious deaths) -""bullet hole and no gun, typical suicide officer-san"". "
"Appeal to authority is actually a logical fallacy, not a valid argument. Authority doesn't change the validity of one's statement."
"It's been posted a ton before, but...

X-Files game in the vein of L.A. Noire. You'd barely have to change any of the core mechanics. If anything you could strip away bits like the open world to make things more focused and play better."
"No, they stab themselves with kitchen knives or more commonly throw themselves off buildings and into trains."
"I swear putting a NSFW warning on anything will make everybody click it.  Definitely a disturbing scene though if you have no idea that it is coming (or aren't as desensitized as some of us), however I look forward to what VR can do with horror games thanks to scenes like that.  "
"Because game design shouldn't be controlled by fear of how one person might react, it's literally impossible to make a game that the media can't smear."
"A user can't *un-*experience a traumatizing event. I think developers and customers need to be thinking and talking about what the boundaries should be for VR content. If your product gives even a small percentage of your users PTSD, you probably should not be selling it."
"&gt; I retract my statement.

Props for this, you don't see this enough on Reddit - or anywhere, really."
"There's nothing wrong with being cautious about something that controversial, I mean it's their creation and they only took that one bit out instead of nixing the whole demo. In the end, what have we lost?"
"They have Shadow of Mordor, Batman and Mad Max. All feature near-identical combat. These are the only real AAA games their studios have developed. Everything else is LEGO, smaller XBLA-style titles, MOBA, MMO, mobile or a game developed by another studio and published by WB."
"I highly doubt that japan is what caused it. Even though they have high suicide rates, is does not stop then from createdd [this](http://gamepodunk.com/uploads//gallery/album_6/gallery_5_6_15484.jpg) method to attack enemies in persona."
"Discworld:  
While there were games set in the world, they are [ancient by today's standards](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discworld#Video_games). The IP in general leaves itself open to many Genres. Most Prominent would be Open World or Character driven RPGs (either in the 3rd Person Action Style of TES and McGee's Alice or the more classical BG2/Pillars of Ethernety Style). But others are quite possible. Something Tactical with the Guards, Adventures and even something Crazy like a Discworld-Physics Crazy Machines (with slow light and all).  "
"Except that it wouldn't be one person, it would be the millions of consumers who read the media outlets that serve this crap. It's all well and good to say that game design shouldn't be controlled by public opinion,but games are molded by the society they are developed in. The amount of value of having a suicide option is far outweighed for Sony by the amount of negative PR that the game and VR would receive. IMO VR has enough of a stigma in the mainstream that we really don't need to make things worse."
"Am I the only one that wants to try it. If it's that intense an experience I'm totally willing to give it a go. And if it really is that bad. The possibilities are endless. I've already seen people make some twisted horror games where the walls slowly close-in on you and crush you. I've seen people have to rip the headset off because of shit like that. Just imagine what a AAA developer with no real moral imperative to protect our feelings could pull off. 

Video games that require counseling sessions afterwards? I'm all for it. "
"This is probably deviating a little from the question, but I think it'd be neat to see a game similar to how Cowboy Bebop plays out.

It could be an episodic third-person shooter/interactive adventure set in a space western in which you play as a group of bounty hunters. Each episode has the main objective of finding and detaining/killing the bounty in a linear, scripted sequence, but in a way that would be open to a multitude of side-quests.

These side-quests would be much more open and would mainly serve as a means to learn more about the hunters, the bounties, who gave the bounty, the world around you, etc. They'd range anywhere from collectibles to playing and reliving past events, and could change the outcome of the episode, or maybe even unlock more quests in future episodes.

I dunno, as I'm typing it out I'm realizing it'd just be one MGS: GZ per episode, but it'd be interesting to play if it could be pulled off. Not really sure if it's been done before."
"There's a bit of a difference between mitigating risk on experimental tech and jumping out of an airplane without a parachute because ""Hey, I could die from a heart attack any moment"".

Risk management is a pretty important tool."
"search ""Creepy Sony VR demo"" you will get a bunch of stories about it w/o even having to put the demos name in the search."
"Did you watch the video? It's no secret that the whole ""japanese schoolgirl"" thing is a Top Fetish Worldwide. It looked suggestive as hell."
It's probably the demo just being hanging out in a schoolgirl's room causing that.. which is not incorrect to call creepy.
There were supposed heart attacks from 3D movies back in the 60s too. It might happen that doesn't mean we shouldn't push technology until the idea that someone would be overwhelmed by VR is as cute as people freaking out over The Tingler.
"I only skipped around the video, but it just seems like you're a person in your friends bedroom? Not really that creepy. "
"I feel like pressing/clicking through a few options to watch your character on the screen kill themselves (usually just instant death, no animation, or like in GTAV they just do a quick animation before a Game Over screen of sorts pops up) would be much less traumatic than being completely immersed in the game world through VR and having to point the gun on yourself.

GTAV distances suicide by making you go through extremely game-y option menus to kill yourself, and other games usually just have an option in the pause menu. This, coupled with the sheer immersion you get in VR (You're controlling the character, vs you are the character) would probably make suicide in a VR game more impactful, possibly even traumatic."
"That's interesting... at E3 last year I had some time with the Morpheus, and my Sony-appointed handler said something about how he thought it would be cool if they made a game where you had to shoot yourself in the head. And I agreed! I still do. It's a shame this has happened. I can't imagine VR suicide being any more stressful than being attacked by a VR dragon, and panickily punching yourself in the non-VR head. Which I definitely did not do"
"Stuff like this always makes me think back to some cheesy news report I saw about Doom back in the 90s. Some guy was like ""the graphics are just incredible.. I can't tell them apart from real life""

People love a little hyperbole"
"I'm not attacking you but this sounds like old times when people where afraid of travelling too fast on a train would drive us mad or that moving pictures will drive people into a panic.

It will take a while to absorb but I'm pretty sure we'll get the same genres we get in all the other forms of media because more immersive is, if not always fun, at least interesting. That's why early VR already has plenty of thrills, horror, porn, relaxing stuff and more of everything is bound to come.

If big publishers afraid of the PR nightmare certainly some smaller developer from a less litigious country will fill the gap. Then when the big boss smell the money they'll slap a unskippable disclaimer to satisfy their lawyers and move in as well.
"
"It's gonna be interesting seeing Bethesda getting into the mix.  I've never really liked the press conferences outside of the console makers, but maybe Bethesda can change that.

However, I've noticed a lot of people generating hype for a Fallout 4 announcement.  Do we have actual evidence of that happening or is it just baseless hype?"
"If you give players every option to do every thing...they're going to do it.

Maybe, it's called artistic license.  They don't want to put every possible situation in a game.  Everybody has limits and creative choices.  I really don't see why you're pissed about it, when this game isn't even made yet."
"Suicide is becoming an increasing problem in the UK, but I wouldn't put it on the same level of Japan. "
"As far as I can tell, rather baseless. In saying that, it's the first time Bethesda have held their own conference. And while they do have a fair few titles they'd want to advertise/could be advertising (DooM, Dishonoured, Wolfenstein, etc), I reckon they're going to announce something big of their own. Which I reckon is either the first announcement for a new Elder Scrolls game, or Fallout. 

In saying that, I could be incredibly wrong and they just decided to do their own thing. I'm hoping it has nothing to do with an MMO though, since ESO was something that all the development time and money should have gone towards something else. Something better. *Points at Fallout franchise.* That one."
"I'm guessing that video doesn't show it all. It looked like the player had many opportunities to perv on the school girl. You even see her covering her chest with her arms like she just caught you peeking. I think there will be a lot of games like this when VR hit the public.

"
"Don't worry, some indie outfit will make it. AAA publishers are pretty risk averse, but for a good reason. If they screw up, it could both be a PR nightmare and they could lose tons of money."
"You missed the last part:

&gt;it's literally impossible to make a game that the media can't smear.

The media *will* find something to talk shit about, they'll fuckin' create it if they have to. Remember Fox and the Mass Effect ""sex"" scenes? There was fuck all to that and they still managed to find something.

Every fuckin' GTA release gets swarms of outlets crawling all over it waiting for it to shit so they can dig their teeth into it, but it's never stopped people from making these so-called ""crime simulators"" and it never will.

So yeah, a large amount of ignorant tossers will turn on their TVs, see a bunch of bullshit and gobble it up like a cheap McDonald's cheeseburger and fuckin' good on 'em! It didn't kill gaming last time. It didn't kill music or movies when they had teething issues, too.

The VR industry can look after itself, god knows every other one did and prospered. It's not gonna die cause of some stupid news article written because we didn't add a fucking trigger warning to what should be an obvious fuckin' trigger warning."
"Could be that the gun in the game can't be turned around to face you.  
  
Have you seen people's reaction to VR rollercoasters? All the visual input is telling the brain that they're two hundred feet up, and it's hard to fight that sinking stomach feeling even if you know it's not real. Now imagine if it's telling your brain that you're shooting yourself. It's not the ""You died"" screen, it's the experience itself. We don't really know how that would affect people because VR is still really new."
"Yea and no. The thing is Japan does have a pretty Damn high suicide rate even excluding these types of cases.

A combination of work till you die attitude, stupidly long work hours, terrible mental health programs and mental health shaming, high stress/high blame workplaces, societal system based around honour, and suicide being viewed as just a ""thing""  that happens in their culture which has lead to late adoption of suicide prevention campaigns compared to the west.

They also have strong suicidal traditions in their culture (seppuko, banzai dogma) as well as little Abrahamic religious influence (Abrahamic religions forbid suicide as part of their dogma leading to damnation in the afterlife while other Asian religions, such as Shinto and Buddhism, while not approving of it, fail to condemn it at all really). 

All of these things combined just end up leading to an absurdly high suicide rate. "
"&gt;And? They don't have to play the game. Don't let others not have the option

The developer gets to decide that"
"I'm not aware of any smoking gun evidence, but there's been circumstantial evidence that they've been working on a Fallout game. Plus that team's been working on something, it's unlikely that they've gone back for another Elder Scrolls title right after Skyrim, so it's either a new IP or a new Fallout. Skyrim DLC ended in April 2013, meaning 2 years of full development on their current project. Based on development times from that team, I'd expect them to announce a game for release this november or 2016 sometime. This is assuming that they're not rewriting their engine from scratch or fell into development hell."
"Do you really want to kill VR before it even has a chance? Because that's how you kill VR before it has a chance. Don't worry, some developer will make that game. It just doesn't have to be a AAA publisher like Sony with tons to lose."
"Check my post history if you will. Overcoming the innate human barrier to survive is very hard to do.

From my perspective, using a VR headset and picking a suicide option in a game is good way to psychologically prep yourself for the real act (not on its own of course, but it would be a psychological aid). So from sonys perspective, I understand why they removed it.

That is to say, I don't agree with it but I understand why Sony did it."
"Dead Space was less ""terror"" and more tension. Resources were scarce, and enemies were tough. 

Jump scares don't really do it for me, but the constant danger of overextending your resources was good. Plus the atmosphere on Dead Space 2 was really well done (the school in particular was nerve wracking, having to go back into the Ishimura, etc)."
"This is a good decision. The immersion factor in VR is incredible and committing suicide in a game where you're not supposed to commit suicide is not a great idea, especially for an initial release project thats supposed to get everyone excited about the new tech.

Sony isn't saying ""We don't want a suicide experience in VR"". They're saying ""A suicide experience in our tech demo is probably a bit too intense for the experience we want to make."""
"Guy on a conveyer belt gets mutilated and has his body parts replaced with robotic parts, and then he has a neuro-thingy stabbed inside his head."
"What other game is like Skyrim? it was my first Elder Scrolls game and it shortly became one of my favourite games of all time. I tried Fallout 3 and Oblivion but the gameplay felt so dated, should I give them another chance? or try something else?

So far Black Flag, Far Cry 3-4 has scratched almost the same itch but not 100%, tried DA:I but did not love the gameplay :/"
"The Fallout subreddit is falling into the same trap they always do. It's sad to see comments like ""It's pretty much confirmed"" or ""it has to be Fallout 4, it can't be anything else"". I've seen those comment way too many times, and people just don't learn from the past.

But they will see in a month, whatever happens it's not going to match the image they created in their mind. Even the RPG they are announcing at the conference is for PS3/Xbox 360 only. The hype people have in their minds is going to only end in depression once again."
ESO was developed by Zenimax Studios and only published by Bethesda. It likely had minimal to no impact on their in-house projects.
"Well we could also hope for some friendly (or unfriendly) rivalry between Yooka-Laylee and Banjo 3 so that developers in general understand that there's a huge desire for 3D platformers. Mario 3D world is the only recent extremely well done 3D platformer I can think of. 

Also, don't forget about [A Hat in Time](http://hatintime.com/), which is also modeled after the classic collect-a-thons."
"Probably, since we know that there is certainly one in development.

I'm mostly hoping for some legit Deus Ex gameplay"
"Sitting on a bed while some high school girl finds excuses to pose in seductive ways... I don't know about you but it doesn't really surprise me some people found it creepy. 

Not as in ""this is scary"" creepy, but like ""I feel slimey"" creepy. "
"It's a bit different. In BF3 you pick the word ""Suicide"" from a menu to redeploy. In this you are fully immersed in VR and could point the gun at yourself and shoot."
"""Office of Naval Intelligence"" - ONI

It's something to do with Halo, even if Halo  was already shown in the ad. 100% sure. 

Wonder what it could be. "
"Eh, ours is still lower than most of Europe and most of the developed world. I reckon if you take central London out of the equation we'd be just fine. Grin and bear it and all that."
"it's halo, the binary translates to www.hunttesignal.co but it's www.huntthesignal.com, which brings you to a weird webpage."
"In all honesty, and with no disrespect, if you don't think you can handle certain situations in a video game or if you think that a certain option in a video game might just set you off because you are somewhat mentally unstable, you shouldn't really be using a VR headset playing a video game that implies these sort of situations. I repeat, no disrespect, just my opinion. Also shout out to /r/suicidewatch and if you ever need to talk about anything feel free to shoot me a PM, I'll listen openly. "
Yeh I'd think it's a combination of avoiding the media controversy and not wanting to freak out a bunch of people when they accidentally kill themselves in VR.
"I love that people get pissed at devs choosing not to do things under the guise of being angry that they somehow had to make those choices. It's straight up 'how dare others force devs to do things, only I get to do that'. The devs chose what was appropriate in their game."
That is irrelevant. What does the study of ethics have to do with a company being cautious about their PR? It's purely pragmatic
"Because you are holding your gun and pointing it at yourself, which is exactly the action you'd be taking in actual suicide.  Shooting npc's may not be stressful since a) they aren't real people and b) they are usually painted as purely evil bad guys in videogames. "
"Then if it hardware is specialized then it will be much more efficient at doing it, which would save battery and reduce thermal output.

I don't know why people are downvoting anyone who says that this isn't intensive. There are very, very few objects at once and there are no environments to render (exponentially less lighting, shadows, and everything else to render) If it wasn't light they would have come with a VR headset too that doesn't need a PC. I guess people want to be hyped for no specific reason."
"&gt; he thought it would be cool if they made a game where you had to shoot yourself in the head. 

Persona 3"
"1.)

&gt;long hours and high productivity

You need to learn some things about Japanese work culture if you want to say its the same as America. It is not in any single way. In Japan you are rewarded based on the amount of hours you work, not the amount of work you do. This leads to people (Salarymen mainly) having 80 hour work weeks and little to no productivity (Why do 2 projects in 10 hours when you could do 2 projects in 80 hours and still receive the same amount of gratitude?)

2.)

&gt;bad health care

America has very good quality healthcare, it just has ridiculously overpriced healthcare which does in fact lead to a lot of problems but not so much in the same way. Yes there is a problem in America with mental healthcare, but I strongly believe you have never ever been to an Asian country for very long if you think the way the US and most Asian countries treat mental health is even remotely close to the same.

If you see a psychiatrist in America it's just normal. You're having problems, some people might see it as not a great thing or that you're weak but all in all you don't really talk about it.

Seeing a shrink in a lot of Asian countries may as well be social suicide, you actively hide these sorts of things from people. It's more socially acceptable to be fucking hookers in dingy motels then it is to be seeing a shrink because lots of people believe you only see psychiatrists if you're completely insane or fucked up. I can't stress this enough, in extreme cases seeing a shrink in some parts of Asian countries will get you shunned from families and even entire communities.

3.) 

I never said one thing causes this massive problem in Japan, or two things. It's a combination of all these factors that are causing problems in Japan.

4.)
&gt;Christianity being against suicide is again, another theory.

Yep, sure is. And [here](http://oxfordmedicine.com/view/10.1093/med/9780198570059.001.0001/med-9780198570059-chapter-6) is an Oxford Medicine paper on the permissiveness of Suicide in Shinto and Buddhism compared to and the growing movement in those religions in suicide prevention.

I will also give you a [slate article](http://www.newrepublic.com/article/113594/religion-and-japanese-suicide-epidemic) on the ties of the suicide epidemic and the permissiveness of suicide in these eastern religions.

So all in all, you just posted a bunch of text and hoped it stuck because you want to be ""that guy"".

EDIT: Wording and Grammar"
"I like the music and the concept art, but the game itself looks terrible. It gives me a really strong RPG maker vibe, which is really not good for a kickstarter project. There's nothing about the gameplay mechanics that seems particularly different from a standard RPG maker game. The idea of exploring a child's dreams is interesting, but it needs good execution and solid pacing to work. The music feels really out of place in the game too. It's all epic orchestral stuff, which just gives it an awkward atmosphere.

Honestly, I'm really surprised that Kikuta is working on this. He must be really short on cash, or he's seeing something in it that just isn't getting across from the kickstarter page. "
"As a person with suicidal thoughts, it legit would. Just getting comfortable with picking your method of suicide, and how you would go through with eases your acceptance of killing yourself.

Being able to witness it first person until im comfortable with that is... not something I'd ever want the option to have."
"With the new DirectX and physics improvements in the last few years, I think we finally have the technolgy for Bethesda NPCs to climb ladders."
"No, we're saying we have no clue how people will be affected by VR. Why are you talking like we know exactly how people will react? There's absolutely zero hypocrisy here. We're not saying nobody should allow suicide. It just doesn't have to be Sony.  
Let some smaller outfit experiment with the mechanic, and then other publishers can join. But you're arrogantly asking Sony to bet millions of dollars on a very trivial mechanic that doesn't even add much to the experience. Are you going to help them recoup costs if this blows up in their face? "
"Ye, people are diff. Like ive had suicidal thoughts since I was 11. And the part of me that's logical is yelling this is censorship we hate this"
"This is not something most users would know about before hand. More to the point, this isn't something that we know a lot about overall. If VR tech is designed with the endpoint to convince the user that everything they are being presented with is reality, and one gameplay mechanic allows (Or possibly even encourages) suicide, I can definitely understand why creators would be inclined to prevent those cases.

Imagine playing Battlefield in near-perfect VR. How many times have you suicided in that game for the sake of convenience? If there was even a chance that that could cause some issues further down the line, do you think the mechanic still should be implemented as is, instead of a similar mechanic like 'Extract from the battlefield', that's functionally the same?"
"I used to hate the way games were scored because I always felt journalists played it safe with the 7-8-9-10 or 1-2 scores. Now I understand it. Most games really are just ""decent"" to ""good"". You have to actively try to make a game terrible. My hats off to those that made this list. "
"I very much doubt they'll be doing another Elder Scrolls game straight after V. Fallout 4 is the obvious current project.

And if it's not Fallout 4, even a new IP would be more likely than another Elder Scrolls."
"It also can't simulate the pain I'm going through before killing myself #deep

But like, gunshot and overdoses don't necessarily have painful deaths. And jf you can get a good neck snap with your noose it wouldn't be too bad"
"I think the issue here is more that, if someone with a heart condition dies due to a stressful situation in the first generation of VR, it will taint VR in general and might impact its reach within the general public because the average consumer is a panic-prone moron.  Better to wait until the second or third generation after some decent adoption by the general public before pushing the envelope too hard in that respect, otherwise the general public will associate VR with ""that shit can kill you"" for decades."
"Ya, lots of people who complain don't realize that there are a ton of really, REALLY bad games get skipped over. When most gaming websites give a game a score of 6 saying they didn't enjoy it, the game was, at very minimal, actually playable and may appeal to some gamers, not including themselves. "
"&gt;Grin and bear and all that

...Is probably the reason the male suicide rate is 4x that of women. "
And you know why? Because cars and video games have a different image and connotations in mainstream media.
"I expected this kind of response. But considering that Bethesda is hosting their first E3 conference this year, do you think they're *not* going to announce something from BGS, their in-house studio, especially considering BGS is working on a game that's been at least 4 years in the works?

And then there's the fact that BGS makes RPGs, and they have only made RPGs for over a decade. 

So my point is that I think it is highly ridiculous to not think they will announce an RPG, whether it be an ES, Fallout, or less likely, a new IP.
"
"Someone's already said Die Hard, but I've always thought the first movie would mix extremely well with the mechanics of The Last of Us. The stealth, the frantic and messy gunfights and CQC, crafting stuff and fixing up wounds. He does pretty much all of that stuff in the movie and watching it recently reminded me of TLOU a lot. Particularly the scene that takes place on the empty floor with the large glass windows and the piles of unused construction materials."
"I think I'd enjoy a Telltale-like game in the Sin City universe, lots of interesting, shady characters, noir setting and beautiful visuals."
"A game set in the Cowboy Bebop universe would be awesome.  Maybe it could have dogfights in space, too..."
And it also implies that there is enough there for people to potentially find it enjoyable. Really shitty scores should be reserved for dregs that are impossible to enjoy without your enjoyment stemming from how bad the game is. 
"I posted this is a thread talking about a The Hunger Games or a Battle Royale type game and think it is a fantastic idea:

""This could be so good. Just use the premise of Catching Fire's clock, with survival PVP multiplayer and dynamic environmental threats. Could even create a ""commander"" type system where players could receive packages from sponsors. The Hunger Games would be some great inspiration for a game.

Making it all work together fluidly might be challenging but damn, just typing this gets me excited.
"""
"It's tough because I really enjoyed SGU, hard to be left in limbo as to the story.  I'd be so fucking excited for a SGU game that might give me a bit of closure"
"Waterworld

Post apocalyptic sailing survival game, Craft your boat. Explore the world using a [physics based sailing simulation](https://vimeo.com/7536902)(think hardcore Wind Waker). Advanced players should be able to micromanage the trim of their sails. Barter with other players. Run from pirates. Fish BIG fish.

"
I still hate fucking Jowood to this day to fuck up SG: The Alliance. Have they ever touched anything and not made it worse?
"[Redline](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRLPdgcGPRg)

The moment I watched this movie, all I could think of was how much of a fucking awesome racing game it would make. It's like F-Zero, Burnout, and Twisted Metal rolled into one."
"It still *looks* like a person putting a bullet through their skull, regardless of what it actually is. It still evokes the image if suicide, even if it isn't actually suicide."
"I think the most telling thing about the quality of these games is that 2 of the people in that room agreed that Big Rigs is probably in the 2-3 range.

So all of these games are worse than big rigs over the road racing"
"Glad I'm not the only one who liked it.

I think a lot of fans just wanted more SG-1 and Atlantis, but after nearly fifteen years of that I was really glad they mixed up the formula a bit.  "
"They were forced to make changes to cars to make them safer. Many only after public outrage, and the government forcing them. That's a pretty poor analogy."
"There's already a million porn demos for the Rift. I don't know how and why people get surprised or irked about this. People like porn, people make porn. If there's a new medium for people to make porn in, they will.

e: I wasn't talking about Sony. Please stop replying with explanations of why Sony is handling this. I know."
"Eh, everyone who is a fan of the show is begging for this kind of game for Adventure Time, and while it wouldn't be BAD, I don't think that it would really capture the show correctly. Now, a proper 3D Zelda game with some Banjo Kazooie in there would work much better, in my opinion."
"They're making an entertainment product and they want it to sell, they aren't doing it to impede on your rights."
"The Matrix, now that we have figured out the formula for making good open-world beat-em-ups.

The Shadows of Mordor nemesis system would be a great fit for the Agents."
"Here's a list from best to worst score under 2.

The Tale of Despereaux 1.9

Pulse Racer 1.9

IHRA Drag Racing 2004 1.9

Falling Stars 1.9

SPOGS Racing 1.9

Deep Sea Trophy Fishing 1.8

Alvin and The Chipmunks 1.7

Jenga World Tour 1.7

Instinct 1.7

Rush Down 1.5

NRA Gun Club 1.5

Rock 'em Sock 'em Robots 1.5

Extreme Bullrider 1.5

Panty Raid: From Here to Immaturity 1.5

Bikini Karate Babes 1.5

Deal or No Deal 1.5

Rogue Warrior 1.5

Wiffle Ball 1.5

Ninjabread Man 1.5

Extreme boards and blade 1.5

Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer 1.5

Notepad 1.5

Backyard Football 1.5

Spelling Challenges and More! 1.5

China Warrior 1.5

Beyblade: Let it Rip! 1.5

Muscle Car 2: American spirit 1.5

Myth Makers: Trixie in Toyland 1.4

Carmageddon 64 1.3

American Hunting Volume 1: Varmint Hunter 1.2

Call for Heroes: Pompolic Wars 1.2

Balls of Fury 1.2

Mini Desktop Racing 1.2

Nickelodeon Party Blast 1.1

Freestyle Boardin' 99 1

The Crow: City of Angels 1

Step Up 1

Monster Trux Arenas 1

Kidz Sports: Basketball 1

ESPN NBA 2Night 1

Self-Defense Training Camp 1

Aquarium 1

Fury of The Hulk 1

Hints Hunter 1

NRA Varmint Hunter 1

PDC World Championship Darts 1

High Rollers Casino 1

Backyard Baseball '09 1

Offroad Extreme 1

Kawasaki ATV Powersports 1

Mega Man 2 : 1

Extreme Watersports 1

The Simpsons Wrestling 1

Revolution X 1

C: The Contra Adventure 1

High Rollers Casino 1

Crime Patrol 2: Drug Wars 1

Fantastic Four 1

NFL Blitz 20-03 : 1

Motocross Championship 1

Kidz Sports: Ice Hockey 1

London Taxi: Rush Hour 1

Kidz Sports: International Soccer 1

Elf Bowling 1&amp;2 : 1

Fantasy Aquarium 1

Baywatch Beach Volleyball 1

Action Girlz Racing  0.8

Extreme PaintBrawl 0.7

Looney Tunes: Back in Action: Zany Race 0.5"
"Madoka Magica as a roguelike ""souls"" game.  

Explore witch labyrinths and beat them for grief seeds.  Make your own self-insert magical girl create-a-character style.  Team up with other players to take on more challenging witches.  If you die too many times without beating a boss you turn into a witch and it's game over.  Set before the events of the anime of course.  "
"That video had a clip of literally four games. What the fuck? I want to see these games, not just watch some guys talk about reviews they did back in the day. "
"Game Scoop is a podcast that is also released in video form. Most of it is them sitting around discussing because that's what the point is: the discussion.

"
"This is an advertising campaign/ARG for Halo 5: Guardians. I've been following this closely ever since the first episode of ""Hunt the Truth"" was released a few weeks ago. I'll try to sum up what this video is in the simplest way I can. 

On May 1st that version of the Xbox One advertisement with the title [The Best Games of 20̸1͑5̀ ̍L͠i̊vͫe̷ ̗oͮn̩ ̳X̿b͕ôx͆ ͖̺͐O͂n͂e͘…..](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--PldNakMWI)

&amp;nbsp;

A couple things can be taken from this. One is [this image](http://i.imgur.com/KF3sumo.png) of dossiers on the main characters featured in the Hunt the Truth radio play. The other is the binary code which will take you to [huntthesignal.com](http://93208466931351102797.com/709782/) which if you *are* on a mobile platform will appear like [this](http://i.imgur.com/zqSPZoc.png). A countdown that ends on May 6th. 


Today, a new episode of Hunt the Truth was released on the [huntthetruth.tumblr](http://huntthetruth.tumblr.com/) page. At the end of the episode a set of binary pings can be heard. These binary pings translate (when run through software) to [""StolenGuantlet.com""](http://i.imgur.com/9bT3oE4.png). 


StoleGuantlet.com leads to [this Ford commercial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbMSmPZ0GoU).

An interesting piece of information given are the coordinates flashed on screen next to the ""ONI"" crest. The coordinates seem to lead [here](http://i.imgur.com/HvIB6p5.png) but this part is pure speculation as the object in that image resembles the *old* symbol for ""Reclaimer"". That image has since changed due to Bungie owning the copyright since it is also the same symbol for the UESC Durandal in Marathon. Another combination leads to a Transmission Station in Tokyo. 

Another interesting thing is the uploader's name is an anagram for ""Dr Halsey"". At this point Dr Halsey is speculated to be the one contacting the main character, Ben Giraud, in the next episode under the alias ""Pharaoh"". We strongly speculate that it *could* be Halsey because she is the most important figure and creator of the Spartan II program. The topic that Benjamin is investigating. Stolen Gauntlet could also refer to Halsey's arm that had been amputated after being shot by Spartan Sarah Palmer in the episodic Halo 4 content ""Spartan Ops"". 

&amp;nbsp;

[If you want to learn more I sticky a thread every week to discuss the findings of the Hunt the Truth ARG.](http://www.reddit.com/r/halo/comments/34r8x9/hunt_the_truth_arg_discussion_thread_7/)
"
"I hope so. that game needs a kick in the ass. for something as big as it is, they release updates slower then I'd expect. If they want to remain relevant they need to spice it up fast before the waning interest completely dissolves  "
Look at the exclusives and see what you want more. Lean towards the PS4 as it is proven to have superior hardware.
"It's largely a matter of how you understand the numbers. In years past, media reviews tended to use something like an Olympic judge's scale, where you employ the full range of 1-10 (or 5 stars, or whatever). But when games' journalism really kicked into gear, a lot of reviewers were fresh college grads, and the target audience was often high school and college age dudes, and this demographic tended to think more in terms of *grades*: 90-100% A (excellent), 80-89% B (good), 70-79% C (average), 60-69% D (poor), and anything below 60% -- whether a 59 or a 2 -- is a failing grade.

When you look at IGN, you see this -- an 8.5 is a solidly good, but not great game. A 7.5 is pretty average (the LEGO games, for instance, linger around here -- nothing new, but enjoyable enough if you like the franchise), and most games below a 6 are just not worth anyone's time."
"No I think the audience has changed. What I do expect is something like a full version of Minecraft for the Hololens, or something to do with the Xbox."
"1.9:

Swamp Buggy Racing (PC)

Spogs Racing (Wii)

Falling Star (PS2)

IHRA Drag Racing (XBOX)

Pulse Racer (XBOX)

The Tale of Despereaux (PS2)

1.8:

Deep Sea Trophy Fishing (PC)

1.7:

Instinct (PC)

Jenga World Tour (Wii)

Alvin and the Chipmunks (Wii)

1.5:

Rogue Warrior (PS3/X360/PC)

Beyblade: Let It Rip (PS1)

China Warrior (Turbografx 16)

Spelling Challenges And More (DS)

Backyard Football (DS)

Rudolph The Red-Nosed Reindeer (Wii)

Extreme Boards &amp; Blades (PC)

Ninjabread Man (Wii)

Wiffleball (DS)

Deal or no Deal (DS)

Bikini Karate Babes (PC)

Panty Raider: From Here to Immaturity (PC)

Extreme Bull Rider (PC)

Rock-em Sock-em Robots (GBA)

1.4:

Myth Makers: Trixie in Toyland (Wii)

1.3:

Carmageddon 64 (N64)

1.2:

Mini Desktop Racing (Wii)

Balls of Fury (Wii)

Call for Heroes: Pompolic Wars (PC)

1.1:

Nickelodeon Party Blast (XBOX)

1.0:

Fantasy Aquarium (DS)

Elf Bowling 1 &amp; 2 (DS)

Kids Sports International Soccer (Wii)

London Taxi: Rush Hour (Wii)

Kids Sports Ice Hockey (Wii)

Motocross Championship (32x)

NFL Blitz 2003 (GBA)

Fantastic Four (PS1)

High Rollers Casino (XBOX/PS2)

C: The Contra Adventure (PS1)

Revolution X (PS1)

The Simpsons' Wrestling (PS1)

Extreme Watersports (PC)

Kawasaki ATV Powersports (PC)

Offroad Extreme: Special Edition (Wii)

PDC World Dart Championships (PS2)

NRA Varmint Hunter (PC)

Self-Defense Training Camp (X360)

ESPN NBA 2Night (Dreamcast)

Kids Sports Basketball (Wii)

Monster Trucks Arenas: Special Edition (Wii)

Step Up (Wii)

The Crow: City of Angels (PS1)

Freestyle Boardin' '99 (PS1)

0.8:

Action Girlz Racing (Wii)

0.7

Extreme PaintBrawl (PC)"
"Hi

I'm the squad dev working on deployables.  If you have any questions about how it works, feel free to ask.  "
"I feel that a lot of detractors are missing one very, very important point.

**This isn't just a game - it's a new product launch.**

It doesn't matter if it's not capable of triggering trauma and stressful thoughts, and it doesn't matter if you personally would not make the choice.  The problem is that if you include something *that could easily be perceived as* controversial in your *product launch marketing scheme*, you damn well know that everyone and their mother is going to talk about the controversy, NOT your product; having suicide as your controversy digs the negative PR hole even deeper.

There's a time and place for artists to allow the suicide option in their VR games.  A new product launch is neither the time nor place for that."
"&gt; Beyblade: Let It Rip (PS1)

I owned and rather enjoyed that game as a kid. That being said, I've never been the sort to set a high bar for entertainment. I'm tempted to go back to it and see what it's like, but it's probably better to just leave it to memories. "
"The Iliad/Oddessy by Homer. I'd love to see a developer like Monolith or CD Projekt adapt the oldest works of western literature into a sandbox action game with a strong focus on storytelling and rivalry.

Shadow of Mordor's nemesis system would be a fairly good template for giving opponents individual characteristics and traits, like certain opponents might be the champions of different deities which would give them unique attributes and armour. Scattering these characters around Troy and it's satellite settlements would make for interesting dynamic encounters and small scale battles on a constant basis so that there's always something to do. Primary story missions could then be loosely based on the events of the books.

In Homer's epics there's also a strong emphasis placed on one-on-one encounters while there are large battles going on around them, sometimes the gods would even get involved. It also benefits from not having to be historically accurate since it part of Greek mythology, so the world design and artistic direction could be more exaggerated and creative.

This period was also when siege warfare first started being developed, so there's a lot of scope for making assaults more inventive with ridiculous experimental tactics, bizarre war machines and placing a stronger emphasis on chariots rather than cavalry formations. There's a million little details like this in Homer's stories which makes it a lot different from the typical fantasy faire we're used to. I just think the bronze age is way too neglected compared to medieval settings."
"Pacific Rim as an XCOM style strategy game. Building bases in different places over the world, doing your best to keep as many countries happy and funding you as possible and building bigger and better Jaegers to combat the mounting Kaiju threat."
"Wow, they hated Rogue Warrior. It's surprising in that list because it's not an obvious shovelware game by a nobody company, and it was multi-platform. Ahoy mentions it in his [worst 360 games](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=tOGmQbHsFLk#t=264) video - and it's the second Rebellion game on that list, too. You know, it's easy to expect low value from ""NRA Varmint Hunter"", but you'd think a game published by Bethesda and ZeniMax is going to... at the very *worst*, a 5/10 game."
So a reddit post and nobody really comments on the fact that they're finally having a main show for PC gaming? Does it look *that* lame?
"I don't think it's ""overlook flaws"", it's more of being aware of the time the game was released. If you want to play System Shock as a 2015 game, it obviously won't do

Newer games ""must"" be better than older games simply because the person who made the newer game already know what went wrong with the older game 

Of course, things are not that simple, many other factors, from business to innovation to being a totally different genre, can make a newer game worse than a similar older one, but in general it's fair to expect some kinda of evolution"
"Games like Deus Ex are so highly regarded because of the impact they had on gaming as a whole.

Take a look at Half Life 2. Objectively, the story itself isn't that compelling. Some aliens enslave the human race, and it's up to you to stop them. Somewhat generic personally. But, Half Life 2 is held up so high because of what Valve did with it in 2004. It brought to light the fact that character's CAN matter in games. They can made to be felt that they were real, and that we can care about them. Not many games got even close to that back then. Also, Half Life 2 had THE best physics engine of the time, some would argue that that still holds true. It was fun to just grab the gravity gun and throw random crap around.

That's why these games are so highly regarded, even if they have very apparent flaws."
"We can't talk about flawed classics without talking about Morrowind.  Its level-up system was broken in the same way that Oblivion's was; you needed to carefully manage what skills you used each level to keep from crippling your attributes.  

Its combination dice-roll/manual aim combat felt very poor.  I get that the dice-rolls were an abstraction of your skill with a particular weapon, and makes sense on paper that a character with low archery skill might not be able to hit an enemy.  If you see your arrow/sword/spear connect with an enemy, it is insulting to be told that it missed.  I understand that there were technical limitations at play, but that doesn't excuse the choice to stick with the system."
I had Simpsons Wrestling and I remember really enjoying it. But I do accept that I was probably too young to critique a game.
Kill La Kill as a stylish character action game in the style of MGR: Revengeance and following the plot of the show.
"A game of stargate would/could work better/good with Xcom-ish gameplay, giving it exploration and ""diplomatic/RPG"" elements.

Explore planets. Beat up aliens. Resist alien assaults. Meet up strange aliens. Find artifacts. Assault Alien bases and ships. Protect the earth (with your own ships and bases) and allies. Steal/research all the tech. Manage the world's panic/awareness levels of your secret war. Manage your alliances with the galactic factions ect ect.

Then combine both: [XSGCOM](http://www.tthfanfic.org/Series-1694). Because its fricking AWESOME and it really mesh well together on many levels.

Others that could be nice: Halo + Mass effect. Xcom + Mass effect. Stargate + battlestar Galactica."
Well holy crap.  Divinity was my game of the year and possibly the last couple of years.  I can't wait to see what they've got happening.
"unless you want to rate games like Jim Sterling. Bloodrayne:Betrayal is really pretty, controls pretty well and definitely decent. He gave it a 2/10. "
"The Fate anime series. I know there are a couple video games but I think they'd work well as RPG's. Create your own Master and choose your magic style, summon your own Servant, maybe have NPC Masters and Servants but have a Souls-esque system where other players can ""invade"" your world.

Also, a magical girl game made by Platinum would be fucking awesome."
"What a game does right can absolutely make up for what it does wrong. The path finding in starcraft 1 would be considered a monstrosity and a game destroying sin if a game were released with it today, but the game still became a huge hit despite (some would argue because of) the atrocious path finding. ([this blog post](http://www.codeofhonor.com/blog/the-starcraft-path-finding-hack) has some really interesting information about the underlying pathfinding, particularly if you read around the area with the picture of the zealots on the bridge)

At one point, I adored starcraft and could totally handle its pathfinding, but nowadays, particularly with starcraft 2 around (wc3 didn't actually break me of my starcraft enjoyment), I just can't go back to those units."
"I've always wanted a really well-done Waterworld survival MMO. Something like Day Z where you can completely fuck over other players, leave them stranded in the water without any supplies, or build outposts and establish small communities. I don't know how you would work the Smokers into it, if they would be NPC's or a playable faction or something. Scavenging and trading would be a big part of the game, and everyone would be searching for dry land."
"I mainly used melee (stun rod and that Chinese sword), so it never really bothered me. Deus Ex's gunplay was also highly affected by your character's training with the weapon. Overall though, I just avoided using guns and shooting it out. The game allows you to do that, but you can tell it wasn't their focus. Even the gunplay in Human Revolution was still shit compared to games like Insurgency. 

But no, Deus Ex is not outdated and I say that as someone who only just played it a few years ago. It still remains one of the best games ever made. Just use the New Vision mod so the textures don't look like ass. It sounds like you just tried playing it as a shooter, and not as a stealth game with the option to shoot as a very last resort. "
"&gt; I can't bring myself to complete the first one because of the how clunky the combat feels to me. Same with System Shock 2.

Is it the melee combat that feels off, or the keybindings?  Those two games were released in the era where games were looking better but still didn't solidify what's now a standard WASD that considered current. 

Compared to the game that the engine was based on, Deus Ex included reload, ammunition types, use (bound to right-mouse), leaning, crouch, tons of augmentations, and a few inventory screens. 

System Shock 2 is playable, but they have a tab-menu that does feel a little funny but otherwise isn't obstructive.  

As for games being clunky, I might have higher standards.  For example, Wolf 3D doesn't have dedicated strafe left/right buttons and therefore would feel cumbersome by today's standards. 

&gt; How do people overlook such flaws in games that are considered ""classic""?

They don't. If the game is a good classic, it either stands out by being groundbreaking despite those flaws, or didn't have those flaws.  

Sometimes, those flaws are revealed by later games.  For example, Saints Row 2 gives extra features (e.g. multi-vehicle garage where you can store several purchased or stolen vehicles) that weren't as complete as they were in GTA:SA, GTA:VC or GTA IV. That small change made it quite easy to jump back into the action without having to hunt for that rare supercar. "
"True, but only because people flip their shit about it. People should really stop flipping their shits about it, is my point."
"While I can see how this can be seen as creepy, the tech and the demo is amazing. If they can do this on ps4 I'm buying one as soon as possible. All I can imagine is light gun games and horror games and I'm fucking stoked. I dont know if I'd buy this but to me it's not creepy. In fact all this article has done is make me want it more. Not sure if clever ploy by Sony or inadvertent advertising. "
"That's really a strange statement.

ArmA has no default game mode. Every server is entirely different.

Some servers are realistic and make you follow your role exactly, in others you have a giant sniper rifle and massive missile launcher."
"Porn is actually one of those things that jumpstarts a new medium. Ex: VHS, Blu-Ray, Internet streaming. "
"Since CD Projekt Red have said that The Witcher 3 will be the last game in the series, I'd love to see them take on another Fantasy book series. Personally, I'd love to play a game by them set before the Night Angel Trilogy, or something set in the world of The Lightbringer Series. Brent Weeks comes up with really interesting magic systems, as well as really exciting combat scenarios in his books and I think they'd work really well for a video game. I feel like you could almost reskin The Witcher 3 for Night Angel, and just switch out Geralt for Durzo considering how many similarities they share."
"Todd Howard said in an interview post-Skyrim that they were working on a game, and everyone knew what it was, but he couldn't say.  He said their plan was to basically have it done when they announce it so they can release as fast as possible.  I'll try to find the video and post the exact quote.

EDIT:  That was fast.  [Found it.](https://youtu.be/GRb5opLHTTQ?t=10s)

&gt;The reason we're holding back right now is we wanna wait till it's really there to show it to everybody.  We don't want to kind of dribble it out.

and

&gt;I think everyone knows what it is and they're willing to give us the time, and hopefully they love what we're working on.
"
"Those arent really flaws, many classic games are now simply outdated 
&gt;A first person shooter should have fun shooter gameplay, right? Am I looking at it the wrong way?

Deus Ex is RPG first, FPS second, that's why shooting is a bit clumsy.

Those games are classics because of what they achieved and because of the impact they had on the whole industry, and it's completely fine if you don't like playing a lot of them. It's your hobby, not a job, spend your free time on games you like."
"I wouldn't mind a LucasArts style Adventure game (Day of the Tentacle, Sam and Max, Monkey Island etc) set in Futurama. I think that the humor in the Futurama setting would actually work pretty well with the absurdity of the point and click adventure genre. "
"Bioshock is praised for nailing atmosphere and world-building. Being exposed to Rapture, seeing the sights and the denizens descend into chaos, and feeling exposed to them as you skulk around. I think it still does these things exceptionally well. The big story twist is also a point of conversation, although it has been done before. It definitely is widely known to have flaws though, namely not great combat, a terrible end boss, and poorly implemented story decisions. "
"One of the best things TechTv/G4 did was broadcast E3 24/7 on tv (Who wouldn't want to listen to Adam Sessler at E3).  
Damn I miss it."
"If you look at the specific 1st-person shooter genre then maybe you are right : progress in technology makes even years old games harder to play because they don't measure up nicely to the latest ones in what impacts the player more, that is to say visuals.  


But for other genres like strategy, age doesn't matter. Shiny effects or visuals don't have as much importance, what matters the most is **gameplay** and **complexity**. And with age comes community loyalty based on a specific title and **modding** which can add huge add-ons which would need way too much time to replicate by a small team of official developers.  

As an example, I have yet to find in turn-based squad based tactics/strategy; a game as good or rewarding as Jagged Alliance 2. There have been reboots but not as good. And the mods have become a must I can't play without : hundreds of new weapons and equipment, completely new elements that add-up to create hardcore gameplay if I choose to activate them, etc... A new game can't do that : it will have to cater to new inexperienced players and limit the complexity for them; there won't be enough time and money to add as much items and so on..."
"&gt; I'm vehemently against catering to people's feelings

That's a really weird thing to say. We as humans cater most of our behavior to other people's feelings, that's at the core of empathy and social skills. Designers, when creating a product like a game, cater to people's feelings all the time as well. *Amnesia* wants you to get scared; *COD* wants you to get all pumped-up; *Nintendogs* wants you to feel all cute and fuzzy. This is the exact same thing: a designer saw that an experience they made was too powerful, and they did not want that in their game. They know the power those experiences can have (it's their job after all) and were not comfortable with leaving it in."
"noone going to comment on Attack on Titan? Yes there is the fan tribute game. Yes there is a 3ds game coming out.. but the 3ds game looks very QTE based. 

But like.. an actual quality AoT game would be amazing.  Use the spiderman web slinging as a starting point for the ODM. Could be the new Evolve but not suck with shitty DLC. (and also not just 1v4)"
"That's true, but it seems as though many people are so caught up in their nostalgia that they think the old games are still, in today's standards, above the rest."
"Why do we need multiple ways to say a game is just straight bad though?

Think about it. a 1 should cover all unplayble games. whats the difference between a 1, 2, 3, or even 4? They're just all different levels of bad.

The 5 star rating system makes so much more sense. "
"I don't think KLK would make a decent character action game, she's very rarely fighting more than one person. Personally I think the project should be handed to like, arc system works instead and be a fighting game."
"I'm one of the few that hasn't played PR.  However, the rest of the team has worked on it, so it's a driving force behind our design and implementation.  "
"Price was more involved with VHS than porn.  Blu-Ray was a consortium of really f'ing massive electronics companies vs. Microsoft.

Not always true."
"Hideki Kamiya absolutely despises the idea of making a KLK game and  pretty much blocks anybody who suggests it from his twitter, so I wouldn't get your hopes up. It'd be such a good IP for the studio though"
"And then strafe jump through the universe  
And then spool up to full rotational velocity and then smack a cup into you, cleaving your head straight off  
Good thing you autosaved, atleast  
...Unless the long loading times caused you to turn them off"
"2007 was 8 years ago. How long after the releases of Half Life, Deus Ex, and Halo were they being called classics? Deus Ex was released in 2000, I'm pretty sure it was considered a classic by 2008."
"I figure Nintendo has to announce something big. We have a bunch of games that are pretty good, and I'm looking forward to them, but with Zelda slipping into next year what do they have for their infamous November 18 release?"
"Avatar, the Last Airbender and The Legend of Korra turned into an open-world RPG.

I'd love to explore the Avatar world freely with a flying bison, learn new bending skills, maybe some secondary bending (like metal bending), defeat foes, try to survive, maybe go to the spirit world... 

Just imagine the magnificent Northern Water Tribe in Hi-Res 3D. Or Ba Sing Se and it's walls. The air temples. The Library. Oma-shu. All explorable. 

And creatures like the badger-moles, flying lemurs, the rare dragons. And the spirits!

Lots of quests to do, people to meet, a party to form, so many possibilities! "
"This is an *excellent* point. A studio may be willing to add in controversial thing to their game, because if it tanks a game, it sucks, but that's about it.


When you start adding in manufacturing, and all the research costs, if you bomb a brand new product like this, you lose a *lot* of money, so any studio is going to be significantly more careful with an entire product like this"
I would like a Baldur's Gate-style Discworld (think Pillars of Eternity for a new example).  Could be soooooo awesome.
"Yes, like No More Heroes. Throw in a faceless multitude of One-Stars or Covers to plow through if you need cannon fodder."
"&gt; They're just all different levels of bad.

Yeah, but it's up to a rating system to differentiate between that. 8, 9, 10 are all good, but that doesn't mean there's not a difference there."
"Warhammer 40k has so much untapped potential it's baffling to me. I know there are games now, but there hasn't been a AAA 40k game since Space Marine. That was 4 years ago and only had 3 races in it. Dawn of War 2 was 6 years ago and is still an awesome game. Games-workshop has been pumping out games since then that have no lived up to their potential. 40k is so magical practically any genre or type of game can be molded to fit it's needs. "
"Starfox is in development and scheduled to release before Zelda. No confirmed dates, but it's the most likely candidate."
"[That wheel](http://i.imgur.com/t7QRPv2.jpg). Jesus, I've seen some distinctly un-circular wheels in my time but *a fucking square?* And using a photo texture for the hubcap (of a street in daytime?!) alongside those other half-assed textures. Somebody get The Architect on the phone."
"&gt; But when games' journalism really kicked into gear

When would you say this was? Can you really pinpoint it to a specific year? "
"I can also see the Banjo-Threeie trailer ending, and then the camera zooming out to Conker watching it on his TV saying ""So you're telling me these guys get their own sequel, while I get stuck with a cameo? That's some bullcrap! Get my agent on the phone now!"" Then the title slowly fades in ""Conker's Other Bad Fur Day. Coming... Eventually."""
"Yea I feel it's more around a 3.5-4.0 score range. It's by no means a good game (a PS1 game release in 2003 isn't going to be good), but it's nothing like Ninjabread Man which doesn't even work.

It should also be noted that Beyblade V-Force is a much better game if you're thinking of wanting to play some old Beyblade games."
"there was a x-files game once and it bombed and scared Fox from making anymore, but now with the new mini series coming up one can hope"
"He also gave Assassin's Creed II 4.5/10. The thing about Sterling is that he tends to review games through an entirely subjective lens, which makes for some interesting reviews with super polarizing critiques.

It should also be noted that the number is not the review. Often times it's an arbitrary value assigned for the reader. The review is in the text, and that's where you'll find WHY he dislike Bloodrayne Betrayal and AC2.

EDIT: Fuzzy memory."
"Man, I'm still a proud owner of SPOGS racing...
Every time I see that icon on my Wii menu, I just wonder what state of mind I was in when I bought it."
"They actually mention that in the video, with one of the guys saying he would probably have given it closer to a 5"
to me it just makes me not pay attention to his opinion. I can't trust assessments that miss the mark that hard. 
"It's just a glitch in the Matrix.  They couldn't make a perfect simulation of real life because then people wouldn't believe it was real.

You'd think that for something you end up seeing as much as you do, they'd have worked on that a little better.  However, here we are, 12 years later, still talking about those square wheels in Enter the Matrix...

edit: Why the hell does the forklift have normal wheels?"
"I don't feel it missed the mark. Betrayal is a 2D platformer with floaty jumping and slippery landings in levels that expect precision platforming. Enemies come in swarms and are frustrating to fight, not to mention how repetitious combat gets. 

Visually it's *incredible*, but graphics only carry a game so far before its flaws and failures become so evident. It can be fun at times, but too often it punishes with glee and refuses to accommodate anyone who does not follow its expected playstyle *rigidly*.

And again, floaty jumping and slippery landings. Cardinal sin in a *platformer*. Especially bad because the game was made by Wayforward, who also made Contra 4, a tough-as-nails platformer that worked really, really well.

Honestly, your takeaway should be to find another critic whose opinions align with your own. That's why there isn't just one critic out there; people have opinions and taste. It seems like Sterlings just aren't in-line with yours."
"This isn't censorship though. This is a company (ostensibly) deciding to remove a feature because it makes them uncomfortable, and they feel they have a social responsibility to do so (or because they feel it might affect their sales). Hell, this act of self enforcement is one of the very things opponents to censorship sometimes cite as a good alternative. ""We don't need to enforce censorship, content creators are smart enough to operate with discretion.""

Not every piece of content that is removed or altered from something is censorship, more often than not it really just is the result of the creators deciding they dislike the content, or wish to go in another direction. In fact the current trend of crying censorship about everything is really unhealthy, and is actually damaging arguments for market enforcement. If companies feel they can't remove content for fear of being accused of censorship, it's far more likely that a regulatory body will step in and increase more official forms of actual censorship in order to prevent questionable content from getting to market. Basically by crying foul on every instance of a content creator removing something because they dislike it, thus discouraging these companies from regulating themselves, you're only strengthening the arguments of those who would seek to increase regulation by saying the market is incapable of regulating itself. "
"This is the problem I have with most critics' scores. Say what you will about Simpsons Wrestling or Ninjabread Man, at least those games are playable to an extent.

Big Rigs is a game that is inherently broken in so many fundamental ways. For starters, the fifth level crashes the game to desktop every single time, there is no clipping on objects ranging from houses to even bridges, and the AI can't ever win a race. It's broken by design, a game that, by definition, should receive a 1 or 0. There is absolutely no way to justify giving the game a score higher than the lowest score possible. "
They use different architecture and the resources required to emulate older consoles outweighs the benefits. 
"Well, shit, player played most of arkham games with the bat vision on.  Just tint it red so you get the show's ""world on fire"" effect.  Have loud sources show up more brightly, oranges and yellow...  Cutscenes in full cinematic color... I'd play it."
"Putting old games on a new console isn't as simple as they make it sound. If you really want to play a large back catalogue of games, fortunately there's a platform that has most of them. "
"&gt;Its combination dice-roll/manual aim combat felt very poor. I get that the dice-rolls were an abstraction of your skill with a particular weapon, and makes sense on paper that a character with low archery skill might not be able to hit an enemy. If you see your arrow/sword/spear connect with an enemy, it is insulting to be told that it missed. I understand that there were technical limitations at play, but that doesn't excuse the choice to stick with the system.

I agree, that system is just awful. I can handle dice roll. Its not my skill, its my characters. It can handle skill based, too. If I hit, I hit, if I miss, I miss. But skill based dice roll? Telling me to hit a dude, using these controls to aim and hit with, then saying I missed when I hit the dude... 

You can fuck right off with that nonsense!"
Honestly half life 2 has held up better than almost any game I can think of for how long ago it was released
"Well, the ""increasingly rich gameplay"" is depth, which is the reason why developers/modders wanna throw in more complexity into games. The way i look at it is complexity is the currency you pay for depth, it is always good to have more bang for bucks.

I played a lot of Heroes of Might and Magic, some Civs, Koei's Sangokushi and a lot of Xcom EW. I like them for their depth, so i am willing to overcome their relatively steep learing curve. Hell i enjoy table top D&amp;D and it requires 4 rule books to play. 

But the point i wanna make is: if a game has a lot of complexity, it better had enough depth to justify the learning curve."
"Both PS3 and Xbox 360 had some degree of backwards compatibilty. They both stopped supporting it when they realize that only  a very, very tiny percentage of people actually used the feature. Therefore, wasting money. Nice try though."
"Why is everyone saying it's a GTA 4 mod? I'm using it now on GTA 5.... anyway, it's the first publicly released development release of, basically, a dedicated server mod. 

Once it's further into development it will most likely have a server browser similar to GTA:SAMP/Multi Theft Auto as well as the version they made for GTA IV.

This means servers with custom rules, game modes and the like including role playing and cops and robbers servers.

Edit: I shouldn't really say ""everyone"" but a couple people in this thread though this project was for GTA 4, they did/do have a build for GTA IV, but this specific build/thread/download/mod what have you is indeed for GTA 5."
"The PS3 still has backwards compatibility - you can play PS1 games on any model. In fact, the PS4 can't even read CDs at all even though Sony is part of the Blu-ray Disc Association which [recommends drives to be backward compatible](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blu-ray_Disc#Backward_compatibility)."
"&gt; He also gave Assassin's Creed II at 2/10.

[He actually gave AC II a 4.5/10.](http://www.destructoid.com/review-assassin-s-creed-2-155807.phtml) I still think that's a bit low, but I guess it's at least a little more understandable."
Most games below a 6 *aren't* worth anyone's time. There's so many games coming out now that literally every week there is something worth playing releasing.
"Well, it wasn't my review. It was Sterling's. You're allowed to disagree; his word is not final. And keep in mind that Dtoid's review scheme is a lot more flexible than most sites. Sterling's notable because he used the entire scale (and pissed off a lot of people in the process)."
"Lol. Apparently path of neo wasn't bad. 

But a matrix game like max Payne but with more kung fu would be amazing"
He is the creator of Tekken and recently made a character thats supposed to be an [idol](http://i2.wp.com/shoryuken.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/tekken7-luckychloe-dengeki-4.jpg). Dude really likes his idols
"Yeah, that's on my list of ""can't not hear about"" for their press conference. I hope there will be some surprises, but even if they just run down my list, I'll still be quite happy.

Must hear from:

* Battlecry Studios: **Battlecry** (the MOBA thing)
* iD Software: **Doom**
* Zenimax Online Studios: **Elder Scrolls Online** (keep making that money back)

Should hear from:

* Arkane Studios: **New IP or Dishonored 2** (Dishonored released in 2012)
* Bethesda Game Studio: **Fallout 4?** (Skyrim DLC ended in 2012)

Might hear about GOTY editions or new DLC:

* Tango Gameworks: DLC is nearly done for **The Evil Within**, one left
* Machine Games: **Wolfenstein: The Old Blood** is 2 days from now"
"Why misinform people? This is, in fact, a GTA V mod. Like, wut?

That, and this runs no risk of being banned. It's an alternative MP and not a .dll script for use in GTAO (which is the only thing people have been banned - for only two weeks - for)"
"I think the point is the drives *can* read CDs.

Your comparison doesn't make sense because an optical drive can't read tape."
"This idea makes me want a point-and-click adventure set in the Space Dandy universe

We can call it Space Dandy: The Quest For Boobies"
"&gt;Its level-up system was broken in the same way that Oblivion's was; you needed to carefully manage what skills you used each level to keep from crippling your attributes. 

Whether or not that's a flaw is really subjective. Many hardcore RPG fans like games that make you consider how your character is built. Honestly, I feel a large disconnect in games like Skyrim where it doesn't matter how I set up my character at first, since I can just become a master at everything eventually."
"Oblivion's level up system was so broken that playing the game intuitively (pick skills you want to use as class skills, use them whenever) pretty much insures that you will not even finish at the easiest difficulty, and playing the game as far from intuitively as possible (pick skills you wont ever use and never use them, or better yet just never sleep and never level up) makes the game effortless even at max difficulty"
"&gt;OP mentioned Deus Ex because it's a game that really is no longer enjoyable due to its' clunky combat.

I played Deus Ex for the first time in 2013 and it's become my all-time favorite game. The shooting and combat takes some getting used to, and is certainly jarring when you first pick up the game, but it's far from game-ruining. You get a feel for it the farther you get into the game. I know personal, solitary experiences shouldn't take precedent in this argument, but saying that DX1 isn't enjoyable anymore is a pretty bold statement. 

Also, while I love the game, HL2's gunplay really isn't anything to write home about - it excelled mainly in atmosphere, physics, and storytelling. HL1's gunplay was much faster and intense, the weapons had much more of a punch to them, and the AI moved around a lot more."
"Has anyone actually read the article...? It seems like all the comments are answering the question, ignoring that the article already does so and has a pretty comprehensive take on backwards compatibility. "
The PS3 only had backwards compatibility because it essentially had a PS2 built inside of it. When the Emotion Engine was stripped for cost saving measures it lost backwards compatibility.
"There's different ways to fuck up a game.

Sometimes a game had a good idea and had a really shitty execution of that idea.

Sometimes a dev just makes a dumb design choice that compromises the enjoyability of actually playing the game. 

Sometimes a dev fucks the game up so badly it's broken and not actually playable. Like a lot of these games.

Sometimes a game is just a cheap cash grab with almost no actual game to begin with.

All these games are bad, but I'd rate them differently."
"Even with a record low in 2014, CDs still outsold vinyl records by a long shot, with [140.8 million CDs compared to 9.2 million records](http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/streaming-vinyl-rises-amid-declining-album-sales-in-nielsens-2014-report-20150108)."
"&gt;but that doesn't excuse the choice to stick with the system.

What I don't understand is why people say this, while Skyrim still has the same problems just barely ductaped over. They just swapped the dice for a weighted pair in your favor, while enemies are stuck with a pair ALSO weighted in your favor, almost never dodging or doing anything that stats used to say they were able to do.

You just pick ____ for your major skill, use a race with ____ as a bonus, then use ____ while your fatigue is greater than 25%. Then you hit the majority of the time, barring the enemy has an assload of agility. SO MANY people I see rage at Mo'Wang when they didn't even check out how the game worked, they just assumed it worked like the games **that came out after Morrowind**.

Or you can bypass that nonsense and have the best Magic experience TES has every had and jump to literally everything while Hadoukening enemies from orbit as AOE effects bypass rolls.

I don't think it's perfect, but i'll take occasional missing over wet noodle Oblivion and skyrim combat. Skyrim hardly ever has the enemy react to getting hit, it just plays a hit sound and takes a little damage off of them. First thing I hope gets modded in with OpenMW is some more reactive animations so enemies will try to dodge when they get a good dice-roll.

Morrowind actually starts you off as a dead worthless immigrant and drags you through the dirt, then, as you get sucked into the world you learn how to jump over mountains and kill gods, THAT is why Morrowind is better, not nostalgia, but because it has some actual progression instead of making you some special snowflake in the first 30 minutes. Everything in the entire game is about that progression, from getting respect of the racist natives, to learning your way around Vvardenfell by memory and the Bus Stop (just like an actual city).

Hell you're not even technically the Nerevarine, you're just some hard core N'Wah straight out of Seyda Neen who was baller enough to fulfill Azura's checklist. You're just some random dude.

Edit: STRAIGHT OUTTA SEYDA NEEN CRAZY SWIT NAMED ICE JIUB"
"There was a hockey game in the late 90s for the N64 that IGN gave a 0.0 to, saying in a very short review that it was a blatant carbon copy of a more popular hockey game (centered around the '98 winter olympics I think) with literally only the team names and colors changed, everything else including gameplay, menus, music, graphics was exactly the same."
"Back when I used to subscribe to game informer, I would flip through pages just to read the reviews for games that rated 3/10 or less, because the reviews were so hilarious. 

I don't know how IGN's writers did, but if they're anything like GI, I'm going to hunt them down and read them for the laughs."
"I just get the feeling people spend too much time complaining about how old games feel, and less time actually trying to get used to it.

If somebody told me that i'd be running at full AUG speed 720 noscoping MiB's with a sniper rifle in endgame, when I was just hoboing around the Statue of Liberty, I wouldn't believe them."
"&gt;similar games of recent years

That's the problem. What game of recent years plays like Deus Ex, Perfect Dark or Soldier of Fortune (all released in 2000)? Is there any game that plays like Valkirie Profile?"
"There is an ocean of difference between high level emulation targeted at specific titles and proper low level emulation capable of running any software.

Furthermore, PS Now is probably the worst example you can come up with, as PS3 games for PS Now are streamed from modified PS3 hardware. If they can't even emulate the PS3 with a server farm, how would they pull it off on the PS4?"
"No. 

I'm not sure if I need to expand, but people or are obviously talking about unexpected psychological effects certain actions might have on a person who is immersing themselves in a VR experience.

Just because you personally don't have a deep understanding of psychology doesn't mean there aren't real consequences to things. The point is we are treading into an old unknown right now, so it's smart to tread carefully. VR has already shown it has psychological effects on people and the tech is still in its infancy. "
We're just now getting semi-decent emulators of Gamecube and Wii on PC. I wouldn't get too excited about playing 360 or PS3 games on PC anytime soon.
would prefer Pacific Rim as a massive robot fighting game... like Titanfall titans fighting monsters.
"This guy gets it. I played Morrowind after Oblivion, back in 2011. And I think it holds up a lot better than most ""RPG"" games which are actually just third person shooters or worse.

I'd rather take a varied enemy pool that can dodge your attacks or have varying levels of accuracy over the same Draugr that don't react to anything you do bar kill/stun them"
"Idk, it's kind of different on a game by game basis. I can go back and play classic games and enjoy them more than I do any new release. Even games I have never played before. I just recently played through Chrono Trigger for the first time for example and I think it's easily better than any RPG from recent years.

I also think Castlevania and Super Metroid are two of the best platformer games ever made, even going back I can appreciate them for what they offer. Even with Castlevania's dated graphics and mechanics I still find more joy from it then I do with newer Castlevania games where the focus shifted more towards RPG mechanics."
"Besides the system isn't even as bad as this guy puts it. Sure, you need to plan your skill use every level if you want to make perfect character. But in truth all you have to do to succeed is a minimum ammount of planning character creation, like considering what skills you'll use through your playthrough and skilling accordingly at the start, which is normal for any propper rpg with roots in rpg games."
"If you would like to run your own dedicated server you probably want a PC dedicated to running one if you want to have it going 24/7.

I think the main requirements to run your own is a solid network infrastructure and a nice CPU.

Although I'm not the most knowledgeable person when it comes to running dedicated servers so I definitely recommend heading to google for more information."
"[Install Instructions](https://www.reddit.com/r/GrandTheftAutoV_PC/comments/34rl3v/fivem_experimentals_are_out_the_first_working_gta/cqxibpc)

[Gameplay Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spzcNb78Uf8)"
"&gt;Yep, emulating PS1 and PS2 games on a x86 CPU is something that has *never* been done before...


You mean PCSX2 which require fine tuning for every game and **quite** strong CPU or some fabled unknown emulator? "
"Agreed. The game has one of the best brawler-mechanisms ever made. The story might not be much, but 3 is way too low.


"
"I'm betting that the square wheels and missing textures are probably a result of some kind of modern graphics driver clashing with whatever they were running on back then. It was glitchy on release, and that was over a decade ago."
"I like how sadistic he was at the beginning. Cool stuff though, glad the modding scene is starting to show."
"I hope it still blocks the more harmful trainers and hacks that actually ruin the multiplayer. Or better yet, make them selectable so that it's possible to have private server and use those trainers to fool around with friends."
This is actually really exciting. Can't wait to see a GTAVZ or Los Santos Life Mod. The world of GTA V would be perfect for these kind of mods.
Definitly can use some polishing but it delivers on what it's supposed to do. GTAs physics look great when you throw a car into another. It's engine was built for this shit.  
This with some kind of splatter/decapitation mod would be amazingly morbid. I'd love to shot people in to helicopters and watch body parts getting spread around town.  
"The real problem with this sort of thing is not that people ignore all the flaws, but that they usually ignore all the flaws all while praising everything else. 

This is what ends up creating the bizzare current enviroment where it almost seems as if game industry has gotten dramatically worse over the last couple of years. 

The most typical situation where this occurs is bugs. Anyone who remembers old days of PC gaming, knows things have been much worse back in a day. You can't really play many classics without 5 years worth of community patches. In the 90s games were commonly being released completely broken and left to rot. That doesn't really happen anymore, for major releases at least. 

Recent example - Pillars of Eternity. There were admittedly about 3-4 game breaking bugs on launch. Okay, shit happens, it all got all patched within a week. But yet the perception out there is that the game is buggy. And its really just odd, when you realize the classic RPGs such as Fallout or Baldurs Gate had *thousands* of bugs for over a decade. 

Similarly , I've had a fun discussion somewhere around here about Half-Life 2. Imagine it comes out today. What happens? You could make a good case that there would  a gigantic shitstorm about lack of hands on the steering wheel. R/gaming makes 5000 memes, 4chan raids some internet poll as a protest, and it quickly becomes known as a half-assed game with no hands on a wheel. 

The reality is , there was a dramatic improvement in how polished the games are and how fast they are being fixed. But as a community, we are very quick to take any and all improvements for granted and completely fixate on any flaws that are left. 



"
"Hopefully, this is a good starting point for adding more traffic and pedestrians (and wildlife) to the GTA:O world. The map is noticeably less active and populated in Online and it kind of takes you out of the world."
"Thank you for having some awareness about the industry in a discussion about video games. You are a quite rare breed.  
  
Video games aren't pop stars: they are creatures supported by their developers and their investors. They can't survive without both on the same scale they often require to succeed their intended scope. Don't piss off investors, don't piss off devs."
"Well, it looks fun, but huge let down that he could not hit the heli with a car. That was what I wanted to see."
"I think a lot of people just see the question in the title and come to answer it without even clicking the link, perhaps without even making the conscious realisation that it *is* a link.  

Personally, I saw the question and went straight to the comments because I wanted to see if there was any interesting discussion on it. Reddit comment threads can often contain more interesting information and discussion of a subject than the articles they're commented in response to, so I'll often only read the article if the comments say good things about it."
"A lot of people still enjoy BW because while pathing has problems it is still based around the fundamentals of strategy more so than SC2 / C&amp;C.

The carrier issues led way to carriers being able to shot out interceptors and keep them out while moving, Dragoon AI made its so that while they where slower and stronger than zerg units they where clunky enough not to break the PvT.

This leads to mobility vs strength, macro vs micro and scouting vs macro and controlling space in a way that is lacking in games with better path finding. 

 "
I love that we are starting to see more and more interesting mods but I'm afraid to download them because I don't know how to tell which ones could get me banned from multiplayer.
"I'd disagree there.  I've played lots of games rated poorly that I ended up really enjoying because my tastes differed from the reviewers.

Deadly Premonition for example has a metacritic score of 68, receiving a score of 2/10 from IGN, and yet playing through it was one of my favourite gaming experiences.  

"
"&gt;  I don't know how to tell which ones could get me banned from multiplayer.

All of them, they run very generic scans for modules and hooks and report them back to rockstar (unless the mod specifically disables all of those checks)"
"↑ This.  
I didn't even know it was a link. Just clicked comments to see what people have to say about this.

Edit: I would like to say, I'd have bought a PS4 by now if it did play PS3 games. :o"
"I hate it when people just say ""oh, nostalgia goggles!"" as if it's some valid argument. Some games simply were better back then, and it's in large part due to the fact that many of those games weren't trying to appeal to a mass audience. They were focused. Chaos Theory knew its audience, whereas a modern Splinter Cell is trying to appeal to two very different camps. Swat 4 and Rainbow Six 3 are other great examples: they know they're niche squad-based tactical FPSs and don't compromise for the sake of mass appeal.

And then there's games like FEAR. Go back and play FEAR! The AI is still the king to this day.  "
"The first part is almost certainly true, but I think the reason they limited it is because it was a good balance to performance ratio. I'm hoping that custom servers can bump it up if they want, and if people are happy with slightly more lag, then fine. Also, halving the number of maximum players might well give a lot of room for increased entities, and many people would likely be running smaller servers from friends anyway."
"Yeah I remember that. I think they said something along the lines of ""we'll give this a real score when they release a real game"""
"The checks check for the hooks being loaded at all, they dont unload for multiplayer as far as I know."
"I agree it's really something you need to look at on a game by game basis. Some art-styles are timeless, others not. Some mechanics are timeless, others have been objectively improved over the years. 

Castlevania is a good example because the art-style *and* the mechanics still hold up today. And it's not because the genre just stood still either. Metroidvania is still a popular genre and new games come out every other month, many of them use a retro art-style. All they would need to do is release a castlevania with exactly the same mechanics and graphics as SOTN or Dawn of Sorrow, just in higher resolution and textures, and it would sell like crazy. These type of games have never been held back by technical limitations. 

Now if you take the FPS genre, there have been many improvements to the core mechanics and the graphics that are just *objectively* better. Controls are smoother, textures are better, the UI is clearer and many other things have just been improved over the years. Modern FPS games are very iterative and wouldn't have been possible 10 years ago. 

RPG's are a good example too. While they *have* improved massively over the years, they split up into different genres. A modern RPG like Pillars of Eternity is a completely different game than The Witcher 3, even though they have the same roots. Both games are absolutely valid forms of the genre, enjoyed by different (or the same) people. "
"The notion that modern games are automatically superior in terms of game designs ignores that modern game design trends aren't necessarily derived from removing things that didn't work but rather a means to simplify a game to be more palatable to a general audience.   A good example is the ""dumbing down"" of RPG systems.  A lot of games do the thing where you have a main class stat and maybe a secondary stat and you're supposed to put all your points into those stats, rather than make all stats relevant to every class and make it possible for people to make ""gimped"" characters.  It's the difference between the attribute system in Dragon Age versus the attribute system in something like SMT.  (And Dragon Age isn't even the worst offender... Diablo 3 or World of Warcraft are much worse for this.)  And that's just one example.  

Standards have gone down, not up.  Atleast in regards to mechanical depth of games.  "
"&gt; It's engine was built for this shit.

Which is incredibly sad considering Rockstar seems to be doing all they can to restrict modding and are banning people for just about anything."
"That reviewer stopped working at the website years ago, and they ended up putting it in a Best Games list later on. I never visited IGN very often, but seriously? Can you guys give that a rest already?"
"You can use most of these mods online, but you'll get banned pretty quick.  Rockstar is applying the banhammer very liberally."
"Feasible, sure. The original PS3 did just this. It's relatively expensive and makes the console more complex though."
"GTA Online is, and has been since launch, *full* of hackers. Rockstars efforts are nigh on useless, and only badly affect legitimate players."
"I feel like this is disingenous. The fact that they also check the game for memory injections in singleplayer and then ban in MP because of that is of course wrong, but in multiplayer this needs to be in place. 

If they didn't check in SP, however, that could be abused incredibly easy by modifying memory there and then loading up multiplayer. 

I wouldn't trust players to disable their cheats before loading up multiplayer."
"Playing System Shock 2 again with the [graphics mods](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6SzmrfG6ei0) definitely was a good experience for me. The gameplay, RPG elements, level design, and inventory management, are still quite unique."
You need to upgrade your skills before your shooting becomes better IIRC. Before that time you want to sneak up to enemies for the kill.
"I hadn't run into any hackers at all during the first week, and still hadn't halfway into the second week either. Then it was three guys in two days, only one of whom was nice enough to shoot bags of money. The other two were unkillable murderbots with infinite ammo. Logged out of GTA Online, played another game. Then Rockstar starts banning based on .dll injectors, and I haven't run into another hacker since.

For what it's worth, I've been playing every day since launch and have 124 hours logged, maybe ten of that being single-player. Probably less."
"It's a seperate Exe that will run its own servers, so it's kind of both, they will have modded servers with customised game modes but there will also be vanilla servers with most likely specific to that server levelling (as it's not linked to social club obviously) but would most likely be a better experience due to more regular players so you can learn players habits and such, but also a lot more solid connection due to the fact that not everyone would be hammering that clients server, only those playing on it.

P.S: Sorry for any grammar/readability issues I'm typing this on my phone."
"You did miss a secret entrance of some kind :) that is, if I'm thinking of the right section - Battery Park, right?

It's interesting because a lot of people seem to consider Liberty Island to be the worst level in the game, but I played it to death as I picked up a demo before playing the full game - that level sold me on the game. It's full of choices, and the enemies are just stupid enough to let you make little mistakes, but if they spot you and you're not ready then you'll need to get your sprinting shoes on."
"Wouldn't it be possible to crack one GTA version to play mods on it and download it a second time, where you don't touch the game files and therefor won't get banned from the multiplayer?"
"Nintendo put a regular-ass Wii inside it, and they thought that enough people would be upgrading from a Wii to a Wii U for the cost to be justified."
"I haven't played much Planetside but I assume most online games use a similar system to check memory and notify the servers if anything is irregular.

They haven't said anything (as usual for Rockstar) about mods, but every update they put out is breaking whatever mods/injectors have come out, just like IV, and I expect it to continue as long as they're updating the game.  I kind of understand why they're doing this since they have the progression system and it's supposed to be ""MMO-esque"" in the sense that sessions aren't entirely isolated instances, but at the same time I think it's stupid for developers to try so heavily to squash modding; it's almost inevitable on PC and actively fighting it seems like wasted effort IMO."
"Some of the deaths without serious gore fx are gruesome, imagining some sort of Fallout style gore is a whole 'nother story. Want"
"That's why games like CSGO have a launch parameter to disable their  respective check (VAC), which in turn blocks you from accessing VAC-secured servers (pretty much any)."
"Yeah the SP and MP clients should be separate like in some other games but that is apparently against rockstar's ""quick switch"" design philosophy"
Sony also has that stupid PSNow service they want to use to nickel and dime people to play old games.
"If it still uses GTA5's networking code, trainers (god mode, infinite ammo, spawn cars and so on) wouldn't really matter, as the servers wouldn't trust the client. That is why trainers won't work on MMOs and multiplayer FPS'.

Aimbots on the other hand, would pose an issue like always."
"&gt; Really? The Megaman franchise was ruined by an iphone game? Man, it must have been a shitty and weak franchise to begin with.

Re: Dungeon Keeper Mobile gutted the Dungeon Keeper franchise. 
And it wasn't a mobile game, but EA's disastrous Sim City 2013 gutted that franchise. Some times it only takes one epic bad game to bring down a respected name. "
"to answer your question tho, yes, tho if i were you, i'd put a firewall block on the modded version so you don't get banhammered by rockstar"
Nintendo shoved Wii and Wii U hardware into the same box.  Sony and Microsoft couldn't do that because of pricier and more power hungry components.
"For PC gamers it was for a huge amount of them. It's pretty much one of the main reasons it was supposed to be better on PC, because it will have mods unlike consoles. "
The benefit being re-selling the same games with a new paint coat and carry a whole generation in the back of the previous one.
"I always find it very interesting how people talk about the fact that the Wii U is backwards compatible, but never talk about *how* that is the case. 

The answer is that the Wii U isn't really backwards compatible, or at least not how most people think it is. Kind of like the PS3 was never backwards compatible. In reality all the Wii hardware necessary to play Wii games is built into the system. When you use the ""Wii Mode"" it's not some kind of emulation, you are literally switching to a different hardware-based system inside of your Wii U. 

That's why everything is accessibly just like on the Wii, including the Wii's virtual console market which differs from the Wii U one. 

The Wii on the other hand did something very similar with its gamecube backwards compatibility. That's **also** why you can theoretically ([using a hack](http://www.neogaf.com/forum/showthread.php?t=927094)) use the Wii's gamecube mode inside of the Wii inside of your Wii U.

Backwards compatibility on consoles is never easy as long as consoles keep using different architectures all the time. The only reason nintendo is able to offer this, is because they are literally selling you a Gamecube inside of a Wii inside of a Wii U."
"It's not just that, the Wii U is essentially a souped up Wii, which in turn is a souped up Gamecube. Even if it's not officially supported, it's entirely possible to play GC games on the Wii U."
"It wasn't an official selling point. Rockstar has never supported mods or tried to encourage them. They just happened, and some were good.

Rockstar never tried to sell GTA V for PC with ""it could have mods""."
"Rockstar never said that, they never once officially supported mods.

The fact that GTA 4 got a lot of mods that were unsupported isn't important.  

They stated they won't ban for cosmetic client side only mods (texture replacements and graphics improvements like ENB), but a FoV changing memory injection hack is NOT cosmetic."
The guy was first referring to using them both online of offline. You're right I don't think many people at all expected them to use them online. 
"Lots of anecdotal evidence, but the only official statement from Rockstar I can find is [this](http://i.imgur.com/1otxPsd.png). 

Most games just scan the game when you launch it. I wouldn't be surprised if this auto-banned you for launching the game. It's not like singleplayer and multiplayer are separate executables. 

It would be unusual if you modded, played the game with your internet unplugged, removed the mods, launched the game again, and were banned from multiplayer. I mean, they might be adding some kind of flag to your game files if mods are detected, but carrying it across sessions seems weird (and also easy to circumvent). 

Personally, I'm gonna wait a while before people have had more time to reverse-engineer the game, test the borders of Rockstar's ban system, and wait for Rockstar to clarify their policies. "
You can literally not play the game without the pace notes and be competent at it. If this is something that annoys you the game isn't for you.
"People are idiots, just report the game, move on, and don't give him/her the attention they're obviously craving. "
"If anyone is interested, the Destroy All Humans series has a telekinesis ability that functions similarly to this. All the games are open world and feature a hilarious story line of absurd aliens trying to study and destroy the human race.  "
"I hate the idea if this game, but I have to say, if we're pro-Hatred and got pissed when Valve removed it, why are we happy about this?"
"They really don't. 

If they let *anything* slip through, people would just find a way to make actual cheats look like something that is allowed. There needs to be a general restriction on any kind of modifications to prevent abuse. 
 
What *should* be done is what others are saying, separate the two games somehow. It's pretty strange that they seem against this.    "
"This didn't deserve its own thread, IMO. Steam Greenlight typically has several cases of low-quality troll submissions every week that are quickly dealt with by Valve.

Yes, people will literally pay Valve $100 to troll."
"Mental, i want everyone watching who doesn't own the game to know that this is not what you will be doing when playing, not unless you learn the tracks off by heart first and are a total racing sim pro. Maybe it's because i haven't unlocked that vehicle yet (I don't even know what it is) but at almost every single turn in the video if i had tried the same thing at the same speed i would immediately wreck or spin out. "
"Honestly, in the majority of cases I've found that the first Elder Scrolls game you play (out of 3, 4 and 5) is your favourite one. Obviously this isn't always the case, but I started with Oblivion, and I just can't get into Morrowind. Not being able to hit everything all the time was stupid, and I moved far too slowly. I went exploring, found a cave and got murdered over and over again to something that could one shot me, and this happened on several occasions. While there isn't as strong a sense of progression in Oblivion, I feel that I could truely go wherever I wanted to. I actually liked the scaling levelled enemies in the game, it meant that I could go into any cave in the game and find a challenge, but not an impossible one.

Obviously things like being able to complete the game at level 1 is a little silly, but I don't know, something just clicked with me and Oblivion, and it's by far my most played game that I own at around 500 hours. Morrowind I put around 5-6 hours in before giving up, and I've put around 50-60 hours into Skyrim, and while it's fun, it's not Oblivion, with it's weird beggars, potato faces and some of the best damn quest design I've ever seen in a game."
"Eh, they were fucked the moment they went with p2p for mp.  

As for FOV, they should've put a proper fucking slider with 50-120 vFOV,  
so people don't have to use 3rd party workarounds."
"Yes, but it depends. I got banned for using single player only mods however some of my friends didn't."
"How is Hatred political? Which political alignment is pushing wanton slaughter of everyone?

Nihilism is not political."
Nah. I'll just continue browsing reddit and stumble on it a week from now when someone posts a new vid successfully doing it.
"The wheel was circular, the guy who made the video checked option -""Use LOD models only"", witch makes wheels look like squares as it makes all objects use high distance lod models."
"Hijacking the top comment to say we have /r/GTAV_Mods and if the new update disabled Script Hook V [there is now an update.](http://www.dev-c.com/gtav/scripthookv)

Edit: I also made a guide to disable and reenable mods using a script [here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/GTAV_Mods/comments/34vmwu/how_to_write_a_batch_script_to_disableenable_mods/)"
"Saying the Wii is a suped up GameCube is giving it too much credit. 

http://gaygamer.net/2007/01/wii_gamecube_comparison.html

Just minor improvements. It basically was a GameCube. "
"Honest question, in what way? It was up for a short while and then removed. What do you expect to happen?"
"Please go play the multiplayer. After 30 minutes of being constantly killed by players with god mode on and speed hacks, I'm pretty sure you'll change your mind about mods in multiplayer."
"The real reason is that software emulation is extremely hard and time consuming, often not perfect. Hardware emulation involves the original hardware - which means the product will be more expensive.

That's the sole reason. If the next consoles after these ones follow the same style (same architecture, similar OSes, compile code the same way) then there shouldn't be able to."
Is there a way to keep cars from despawning? I loved to build road blocks with crashed cars in GTA3 until the army came with tanks - it was crazy fun.
"Looks incredible! 

I hope it's got an addictive career mode and lots of learning tools, challenges or things to help out new/rubbish players like me. "
"Terminal Velocity. I had so much fun with that game.

None of these games have prices, are they free?"
"Predator and Jason were the selling points of MKX for me, and judging by this trailer Jason is going to be pretty enjoyable. Looked like he has an EX walk that negates all projectiles, which'll be interesting with some of the roster relying on projectiles for BnB combos."
"It's the 3d realms anthology

Here's the trailer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1aU4Rtnlws

Pretty kickass"
They haven't been released on Steam yet.  I would expect the prices to be similar to what they have on GOG. ([GOG Apogee search link](http://www.gog.com/games##sort=bestselling&amp;devpub=apogee_software&amp;page=1))
"I play a lot of online, and I haven't encountered a single one yet, so I'm not sure if you're exaggerating or just really really unlucky."
"The objects (and people) hovering in front of the gravity gun seems to be a 'snap to' with infinite force. There is no physics engine that can deal with calculation involving infinite force, so any object that touches the hovering object just disappears(launched/error?).

If it where changed to a pull/gravity towards the point where the object is supposed to hover with a carefully tweaked amount of force, the games physics engine should be able to handle the calculations when something collides with the hovering object and should also prevent it from sinking into the ground."
"I could never get into Sim Racers but have always been amazed by them. The engineering and craftsmanship that goes into making these games is so damn impressive. Just seeing cars and tracks recreated to the last detail alone is something to behold, but knowing that it's built upon a game engine crunching all sorts of physics calculations is remarkable.

And even though it sounds like gibberish to me, I love hearing passionate racing fans discuss and debate the minutia like the tire model of one game vs another. It just seems like there is so much depth and breadth to everything. I mean look at this trailer, it's pretty bonkers in terms of realism and scope. 

Every time I see footage of a new game I get sad that Sim Racers just don't click with me. I'm thinking about giving the genre another shot when VR comes out. "
"Oh man, all of the Apogee stuff. Crystal Caves was one of my favorite games on my old 286 PC. I had the shareware disk and never got to play the other chapters. "
"Didn't you know? /r/games is full of game devs. As an industry insider, I put some sprites together in MS Paint yesterday for my new Roguelike indie game that will be totally badass once I throw everything up in RPG maker"
"Does anyone recognize anything from Friday the 13th? Moveset looks fine and realistically what he *would* do but I wonder if there's anything in there that he's done before. Machete to shoulder is the only thing that's kind of familiar, as that's one of Jason's early injuries. I think he took one of those in the second movie."
"Some of these games might overlap with the existing on Steam. Shadow Warrior (1997) is already free to play on Steam as Shadow Warrior Classic. If they are going to sell games from the 3D Realms Anthology, how would that be resolved?"
I'm just disappointed he didn't try to lift something he was standing on. That's like my go to move in these gravity gun/power situations!
"I think the reason Jim gives at the end of the video as to why we don't see Warner Bros. in the same light as EA and Ubisoft is spot-on.

If you were to ask me to name a few large publishers before this video, I can almost guarantee I wouldn't have mentioned Warner Bros. despite having played and enjoyed several of the games they've published. They simply don't jump out as a part of the games industry to me - when I think Warner Bros., I think movies and not games. As a result, when something egregious happens in the games industry that Warner Bros. is a part of, they're not immediately on my radar."
"This game is the first Early Access purchase I've ever made and I haven't regretted it for a second.

I've been playing racing games casually (as in I don't own a wheel or anything) for over a decade but I still have yet to win a race. Part of me expected to see high-level driving like you did in the old Dirt games, max throttle the whole time and using clipping or geometry to rocket you around breaking the laws of physics.

Where I'm still driving like an old lady to keep on the track he has to drive like an old lady too, except it's an old lady really really good at rally racing."
"The PS3 played PS1 and PS2 games because, if I remember correctly, Sony included actual hardware support (i.e., the innards of a PS2) - if you recall, the later iteration of the PS3 did not have this support, because they stripped this element to make production cheaper and the console slimmer.

It's simply a matter of cost - sure they /could/ have added this support to the PS4 but the console would have been bulkier and more expensive. I'm not doubting that the added incentive of charging people for PS3/PS2 games all over again probably did factor into their decision, but let's not let ergonomic/economic facts get in the way of our collective sense of entitlement."
"Alright, that traier was sick, I'm pretty keen for the four characters to drop, I'm most keen for Predator and wasn't really keen on the idea of Jason, but this trailer got me hyped to play him, unfortunately I have the game on PC and it having some severe problems especially in the online department, I really do hope they address these soon because I'm loving the game despite not really being a fighting game sorta person."
"I feel this was pretty spot on. I played a ton of SA:2 on the DC as a kid, and while I did love it I also hated it for pretty much the exact reasons he went over. The highs were high and the lows were very low. You just kind of forced your self through the bad parts because after every bad section there was usually a good or at least decent part that followed. That and you were grinding stuff for the garden, which really was one of the best parts and the pay off for forcing yourself through the bad levels.

SA2 nowadays feels like another one of those games that gets put on a pedestal that it doesn't really belong on. Not a bad game and as far as 3D Sonic games go, it's one of the best. But there is some serious rose tinted glasses going on when people bring it up on the internet. 

Edit: Also something I never experienced was the terrible sound issues he went over. I think that might just have been an issue with the English VO since I always had the Japanese voices on."
Seems like he has some sort of shield or block where he just menacingly slow walks through anything like a horror movie monster.
"Unlike a lot of sword/knife slashes in the MK series that just glance off characters while creating tons of blood, you can feel the force and stopping power behind Jason's machete in this."
Career mode is huuuuuuge. Definitely why I'm pumped. There are eight tiers of skill (go-karting through F1) and you can start anywhere you wabt as well as progress how you want. Can't wait to sink time into this.
"The ""armor walk"" and grab/shank seems very Jasony, and the grab by the leg and slam them on the ground reminds me of the sleeping bags.

Given the nature of the game, it looks pretty legit."
"There is supposedly a PC patch in the works, they said it might be dropping with Jason, might be later.

Keep your fingers crossed."
"It seems like anything he grabs, the gravity gun pulls like 10 feet away from him. So what he was standing on would probably go through the ground."
Wacky Wheels was my Mario Kart when I was in elementary school. All and all I have fond memories from most of these games.
"I don't see textures, shadows, antialising and most of the stuff you find on the pc version, but i guess it's a step forward."
"I think the most important thing RNG does is add variance. With a few fairly simple RNG elements, things that would have been the same are suddenly changed up a lot. If a level spawns 5 enemies then the way you play will be different depending on whether they spawn in a clump in front of you are spread out ready to flank you.

In a competitive multiplayer setting I think there is much less need (or even no need) for random elements because all the variance should be coming from the other players, and how you and your team react to the other players. In my opinion, randomness in competitive games is a sign that the game can't stand up on its own without randomness to add more variance."
"I generally think that RNG in twitch based shooters like Quake and CSGO is bad, but in games like Hearthstone it's a fun part of the experience.

Nobody wants to do a perfect 180 on a guy that missed a rocket, only to see their clutch headshot miss due to RNG, but a lot of people like the thrill of pulling a good card in a match of Hearthstone (if that's how it works; I don't play Hearthstone)."
"I liked RNG in MMO's to the tune of, you didn't know if the drop you wanted was going to drop from raid kills, but that the item itself was still fixed stats.  I'm not a fan of D3 RNG where anything can drop from anyone at any time and have any stats."
"You're mixing up the cause with the effect.

Backwards compatibility is an engineering decision taken by the hardware companies (Sony, Microsoft, Nintendo).

The decision to remake a game is a resource allocation decision by publishers/IP holders (eg. Does it make more sense to put money in this project or that one?).

For arguments sake, EA's strategy towards what projects to fund has no bearing on whether or not Sony wants to put a PS3 inside a PS4 to make it bulkier, hotter, and more expensive for consumers. Remember how they were laughed at for the PS3's launch price?"
"RNG is needed slightly so that a competitive game cannot be simply reduced to nothing more than a math problem.

In card games it's built into the structure of the game by default simply due to the nature of Drawing from the Deck. If you could sequence your draws perfectly, the game stops being interesting and effectively gets solved. This is good variance.

In Hearthstone, aside from this basic RNG we have cards that can wildly be different each time you play it. Unstable Portal, for example, is a card that costs 2 mana that randomly generates any (collectable) minion card in the game and gives it to you with a 3 mana discount. This can be something as game breaking as Dr. Boom on turn 4, or as useless as a weak Wisp that already costs 0 mana to play. Most people are sort of ok with this, since other than the really stupid cases the rng balances out over time.

What most people are NOT ok with, is Animal Companion. Or more specifically, a card that has a chance to summon two inconsequential beasts and Huffer. Animal Companion is a card that will choose one of three minions to put in place immediately. Misha, a 4/4 Taunt (Think blocker from magic) Leokk, a 2/4 with a passive aura that grants all other minions +1 attack. And Huffer, a 4/2 with Charge, meaning that it can attack immediately.

People *really* hate animal companion, because games are often decided on whether or not the person playing Animal Companion rolled Huffer or not. The outcomes of the dice are much lower than with Unstable portal. The difference is between 3 outcomes versus Unstable Portal's Hundreds. But the end result of those 3 outcomes is so massive that it just feels frustrating for both players whether or not that stupid pig shows up.
"
"I'm a huge fan of Assetto Corsa right now and I'm really interested in this game but I'm just not sure about it yet. Can anyone who had early access or beta access or whatever tell me how it compares?

GMG apparently has it for $37 which seems like a great deal but I kind of want to know about how the PC version actually is before I bite. Does it run well on mid range hardware (GTX 760 here)? Are wheel support and the physics good? Is there a lot of cars and content? Any answers to these questions would be much appreciated

*to clarify, I'm not asking if this game is a hardcore sim like AC as much as I'm asking if the quality of the PC version and wheel support is all around good. I really enjoy games like GRID Autosport and DIRT 3 too even thought they're not sims. If this game is as good as any of those, then I'll probably buy it"
I have it installed on my SSD because i though load times wouldnt be a problem. I cant imagine how much worse they would be if i actually moved it onto my HDD.
Which would increase the manufacturing costs for a piece of hardware they already sell at a loss. There are usually reasons beyond 'corporashuns r evil!!!' 
"No it'll never be finished because I don't think people should make video games for money. just *passion*

btw im an industry member so I can say that"
"It wont be as extensive as the PC version as you can alter textures, AA and so on.

The console version's option is mainly for players to tweak the driving preference to their liking as some people might not like the god rays effect, lenses flares or the rain drops on the screen that can be quite annoying after a while. There wont be any performance impacting settings for the console version.

Fun fact: deadmau is also a WMD backer for pCARS which is why one of his songs were used as the music for the launch trailer. "
"Oh man, that reminds me of Psi Ops: the Mindgate Conspiracy. Sure, the title is a wreck and the plot was hokey, but the powers were so much fun. Telekinesis surfing was one of my favorite things to do."
"Team Fortress 2 has a bunch of RNG mechanics in its gameplay (crits, damage spread, pellet spread).

I kind of have mixed feelings about them.  It feels good when you get a random crit and wipe out a team.  But on the hand it's feels like bullshit when somebody kills me with one in a battle I should have won.  If I tracked all of my deaths playing on a public server, a significant proportion would be from random crits, probably more than 50%.

Valve added filters to the quickplay system anyway so if the RNG stuff ain't your cup of tea you can find a community servers with it disabled.

In competitive TF2 formats these RNG mechanics are disabled and the general consensus among comp players is they shouldn't be there."
"I am not sure why people likes to consider pCARS as a simcade. It is as much of a sim racing game as Dirt Rally, Assetto Corsa or Race Room.

It feels like just because pCARS will be released for console, somehow it cannot be considered as sim racing. Even the excellent rally sim Richard Burn Rally that a lot racing fans loved was also released on PS2 and original Xbox. At the end, it is a game that go through lengths to simulate actual racing far more than most racing game out there yet somehow it isnt a ""sim racing"" game.

The whole ""sim racing"" term has almost no meaning these days as everyone uses it in absurd ways that never really make much sense or to justify their liking or dislikes towards a certain game. "
"I think loot is something people are never going to be completely happy with, either RNG or if it was entirely predictable.

For example right now there's an event on in Guild wars 2 where you've got a chance of getting a beta key if you play in 2 zones, and there's a lot of people getting stressed that they've farmed/grinded for 4000 hours and not got one, although they're dropping fairly regularly.Where it seems to get messy is that people think there's some expectation that they 'deserve' certain loot after putting in a certain amount of effort, except random doesn't work that way. 

I expect people would be equally unsatisfied if an item has a 2% drop rate meant that every 50th time you generate loot you get that item, or if you had to collect 50 tokens 1 per kill, as people would be moaning ""OMG I have to kill *fifty* of them?""."
"That's more the exception than the rule. Many niche games are relatively popular (Dwarf Fortress, Crusader Kings, Kerbal Space Program, etc) but 95% of gamers most likely don't play any of those."
"I like how Icefrog/Dota handles RNG. Most % chance related abilities are not true RNG but [pseudo random](http://dota2.gamepedia.com/Pseudo-random_distribution). Pseudo random increases the skill cap imo since if you can use it properly, it can really change the game. There are still a few instances of ""true RNG"" like Ogre Magi, Chaos Knight, Roshan respawn time, and Mirror Image skills (eg. Manta Style). As long as you understand how each RNG related thing works, it shouldn't be problem. "
"I think that RNG is very rarely used well. For my tastes, far too many developers allow RNG to dictate the pacing of their game, a tool that is vital to proper flow and game experience for a player. By allowing players to randomly get an amazing item early on, or worse, keep them from getting anything useful for ages, they're seceding the control of the game experience to the machinations of luck, which given enough players, will absolutely end in failure for some.

That said, RNG used well can be brilliant. For example, I thought Dungeon of the Endless had a very well tuned RNG system. Rooms and their contents are generated randomly, but the system seems to do an excellent job of drip feeding you only what you need and nothing more. You don't feel as though you didn't have the tools to meet the challenge, just that you weren't a good enough player, which is a key differentiation when you're trying to keep players invested in your game."
"Monster Hunter is a fantastic example.

Nothing is really RNG in that game. If you get hit, its your fault. The only thing that is RNG are the drops you get at the end of the quest.

Now in Monster Hunter 4, it introduced a monster called Shagaru Magala. When in rage mode, it will spawn explosive geysers that will appear at random around the area its in. These geysers are also set to randomly appear directly under the player.

These geysers explode after about 0.5 seconds.

The problem is that a lot of actions take longer than 0.5 seconds, and no matter what happens, if a geyser were to appear under you immediately after you perform an action, theres nothing you can do but take the hit.

This normally isn't an issue, because these geysers doesn't do a lot of damage, but in 140 Guild Quests (end game content where the monster's stats skyrocket), these same geysers appear at a rapid rate and can hit you for over 50% of your hp. If you get hit by one, and another appear just as you are getting up or in the middle of healing, you're probably dead.

Shagaru himself isn't a hard monster. In fact, he's one of the easier monsters since his attacks have massive tells.

In a game based on player skill, 140 GQ Shagaru is nothing more than a RNG fight with the player praying that a geyser doesn't appear underneath them right after they do an action, or if they do get hit, that another one doesn't appear in the middle of their recovery animation."
"&gt; but a lot of people like the thrill of pulling a good card in a match of Hearthstone (if that's how it works; I don't play Hearthstone).


I've started playing Hearthstone a lot, and RNG is really fun and a big part of the game. You can have cards that do a variable amount of damage, hit random opponents, or more importantly have the ability to transform into another creature like that asshole Huffer. This causes big momentum swings in game play and makes every turn exciting. "
"I would take the 50 tokens any day any mmorpg. RNG in mmorpgs is cancer, people who don't even care about it get it at the first time and people who legitimate farm that will not get it. I played enough to have that happen to me 50 hours+ for an item others got after 30 minutes. No thanks."
"How is that irrelevant when that's precisely the issue? Simply stating otherwise doesn't nullify the situation. The fact is they're banning for *memory modifications*, not FOV bans. It's disingenuous to say that they're banning for that when they're targeting those people running god mode and infinite ammo."
"Before this topic gets out of control, I think the biggest reason to keep RNG in competitive games is that it forces the players to account for multiple possible scenarios.  The players have to understand what is causing the RNG (be it high-ground miss chance in RTS's, crits/bashes/dodges in a DoTA-style game, or dice rolls/card draws in a card game like Hearthstone), what are the possible outcomes of said RNG, and what the optimal play/move is going forward.
  
Mitigating the risks or exploiting the benefits given by RNG adds a lot of strategic depth to a game, though it is arguable that some amount of mechanical skill is lost in the process.
  
This is why I believe first person shooters and fighting games, which already have a heavy reliance on mechanical skill, would be better off without it (although this ultimately depends on the nature of the game; something like CS:GO or USF4 could probably do without RNG but a game like Team Fortress 2 might be able to use it well).  However, games like DoTA 2 could really benefit from a controlled, measured use of RNG since it adds another layer of strategic depth on top of all the other mechanical and strategic skill already being used by the players by forcing them to be able to quickly and successfully adapt to any given situation.
  
edit://  One more thing.  I think it's rather dangerous to assert that RNG negates or removes mechanical skill, because believing this relies on 2 assumptions: (1) Everyone is playing perfectly, and (2) Only interactions at the micro level matter.  Again, this may matter more in some games versus others (e.g., USF4 which is entirely focused on the micro level vs Starcraft:BroodWar, which had a healthy mix of micro and macro elements), but it's a point I felt I needed to stress nonetheless."
"Like any tool, it has its strengths and weaknesses, and is more about the successful application than the randomness itself.


I've been playing a lot of XCom Long War these days and for me that game is all about making perpetual gambles. It's a incredibly well used tool in that game because it sometimes forces players into unexpected situations they must adapt to; if my soldiers made every 95% shot they had, all my battles would never have the wrench thrown into the works that suddenly makes me scramble to find a new game plan on the spot. On the flip side, getting an unexpected critical or taking a lucky potshot can flip the tables and have you celebrate an awesome unexpected moment, and suddenly you get confident (or overconfident) with the awesome turn of events.


So in this case being a good XCom player is knowing when to gamble, and knowing how to adapt to a situation when a gamble doesn't pay off. It raises the skill ceiling in this case, but in other cases it can make a game more accessible or lower it, like in Mario Kart. Mario Kart Wii is probably my least favorite because of the way that the randomness of item drops is tuned, since winning players can pretty much NEVER get a good item in the lead and losing players are never feel they earn their win since the power level of items can be so high. In this case, it really subtracted from any feeling of empowerment because good players get screwed over too often while bad players never feel like they've earned their not-last place. Mario Kart 8 was excellent in fine tuning this by adding a bit more power to item drops in the lead (the horn, for example, is a perfect item for this game) and coins further reward good players on skill which makes up for their lack of good items. In this way the randomness is mitigated, along with the fact that items aren't nearly as swingy. You still have moments of having to recover from a red shell in 1st place unexpectedly, but it's not going to arbitrarily throw you into 5th because you had no way to deal with it."
You forgot to mention that the guy-on-the-radio partner to the playable character is voiced by Invader Zim. That was a big deal back when the first one was coming out..
"&gt;Why does every game have to cost 60$? If the DLCs are worth an additional 40$, what's wrong WB charging and extra 40$?

I think the issue is if people and publishers are going use this logic to justify charging that much for DLC, then they need to use the same logic in the other direction as well, and as of now they aren't. 

They put out plenty of games at $60 that don't deserve to be a cent over $30 or $40. I'd be entirely fine with an ecosystem where I'm paying premium for a 100 hour RPG so long as it means I'm paying less than I am now for a 5 hour FPS or action game. "
"I haven't played TF2 in a long time but from what I remember of my time, I generally had more fun from the RNG mechanics than otherwise. They definitely have no place in a proper competitive setting but they certainly enhanced my experience on public servers.

Another clever RNG aspect that TF2 had was that the random crits weren't entirely random. Doing better (accruing damage dealt) would increase your chance of getting critical hits. Doing that meant that the random mechanic helped reward skilled gameplay in some way."
"To add some shit to the pile, PC port of MKX is bad again, even worse than MK9. Countless performance issues, lost save files, myriad of online problems. And there has been no patch for quite a while. WB hired an incompetent company again to handle the port. "
"Right, but would you want tokens/currency for *everything* as the only thing that drops from monsters and then you buy all items?

I'm sure there's a game design where that makes sense. I think looting (especially trash loot) in games is long overdue an overhaul, but for many games it's an intricate web of systems that alter how they play out."
Someone should ask Epic if they intend to release their old games (Jazz Jackrabbit 2 and expansions would be awesome)
"The HQ DLC is just a prequel, it has nothing to do with her role in the main game. It has arguably less effect on the game than what they did with catwoman.

That said, it is still day 1 DLC for preorders and therefore a crap move. (And this comes from someone who pre ordered, though not for that)"
"I will say that I never though the easy fatality thing was ever a big deal. Fatalities are now much easier to pull off than previous games, plus you have a fatality practice mode if you just want to view them. It just makes me feel bad for the person actually buying easy fatalities if they can't pull them off. 
I'll be the first to admit that Goro as a pre order bonus was too much though. And the season pass shouldn't be 30"
"Over 250hrs in MH4U here. As much as I love the game, some of the drop rates are just infuriating, especially when you need multiple of them to craft certain equipment. Any drop rate less than 10% is pretty annoying to me."
All I remember from the game now is it being Chao Garden with levels I had to grind for animals sometimes.
The real Death Rally finally! The new one they released a couple years ago is the single worst purchase I've ever made on Steam. It lacked all the depth and fun of the original.
"I think that all weapons in CSGO have a defined spray pattern, so it is not RNG.

It is quite possible to control your spray in the pattern that you need:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=1r7NV9dsG6o#t=203"
"The geysers appear randomly around the area and will perfectly appear directly under the player and can even do so multiple times in a row, so there has to be some kind of RNG involved.

*aims bowgun*

*geyser appears underneath me*

*rolls out of the way*

*aims bowgun*

*geyser appears underneath me*

*rolls out of the way*

*aims bowgun*

*waits*

*waits*

*fires bowgun*

*geyser appears underneath me*

FFS"
"I played both which I think both has their own strengths and weaknesses. AC's FFB can still be better than pCARS on some wheels, namely AC is much better on a G27 but there has been reports that pCARS is better with Thrustmaster and Fanatec. So your mileage with FFB will be different from one to another depending on wheel and personal preference. There is an extensive FFB tweaker in the game too so you probably can tweak it to your preference.

Personally for me, I still prefer AC's road cars over pCARS. AC still has much better sense of weight feel that i really like when I throw a 458 around the corners which pCARS still lacks of. SMS had improved a lot in terms of sense of weight but it is still isnt as good as AC's. However, for GT, I actually prefer pCARS over AC, mainly because the GTs feels more fun to drive with better tire heat and aerodynamic transition than AC's version. It is also due to the bad default setups and also incorrect setup ranges in AC's GT cars that made AC's GT cars feel like the more stable version of the road cars. pCARS has better support for racing as the AI is quite competent to race with and netcode is decent with dedicated servers. I find Kunos nails the road car feeling realistically while SMS does GT cars better in general. The physics in pCARS feels similar to Race Room's updated physics for Group 5 and GT2 where their BMW 320i Group 5 feels very similar to pCARS's one. I find the physics to be decent enough for me.

Performance wise, I played the game on a laptop with i7 mobile CPU and a 755M which is low end for a desktop these days. I get about 30-60 fps depending on medium high with 1330 by 678 resolution. Most races will run at 50 to 60 but the worst I got is full grid of 55 cars from multiclass at Le Mans in a storm with 30+ fps.

In terms of content, pCARS has more cars and tracks than AC on launch, excluding the mod tracks and cars that AC has access to with varying quality. pCARS should be launching with around 80 cars and 30+ different locations. The car list is leaning a lot more towards to race cars from Audi R18, Ford Sierra Group A to Aston Martin Vantage GT3.

I am definitely keeping both as they offer different content that the other game doesnt have."
This list is like my entire game library I had on my IBM 486sx which was the first computer I ever owned as a kid in the mid 90s.
"He will have variations just like the rest of the dlc fighters. The stats ticker in the online mode showed the names of some of them, as well as the unlockable player card backgrounds."
"I think that there needs to be two distinct options so that people can chose which they prefer.  I love PLAYING D3, but there comes a point where you are playing more and more and getting less and less useable gear.  It just becomes no fun for me as Im not going to put in that many hours into a game.  There are tons of games out there and Im not the type to play 1 of them for 1000 hours.  I'll play 10 for 100 hours each.  So a game gets 100 hours of my time, and a game like D3 means that the 100 hours COULD be just completely wasted."
Those prices are kind of high considering these games are 20+ years old. I hope they're cheaper on steam.
"&gt; It was to be a curated site, levels and mods chosen by us at id, and if we put your content on our network we would pay you an amount equal to the traffic that your content drove to the site.

A key difference right there"
"&gt;It was to be a curated site, levels and mods chosen by us at id, and if we put your content on our network we would pay you an amount equal to the traffic that your content drove to the site.

This is completely different to how valve handled it (and would also have been a much better idea), id Software wanted to PAY the modder for how many visitors their FREE mods  attracted, not to mention it would be curated unlike how the steam paid mods section was.



"
"They're required due to the fact that a high percentage of gamers mash ""A"" or ""Space Bar"" through story and other character dialogue.


If there was not a glowing objective arrow, they would frustrate a high amount of their user base. Although, I do agree with you, glowing objectives do make the game seem mindless."
"&gt; A car list would be nice to see. Is Porsche in this, or Ruf? I see 911s and a 918 in the trailer so my hopes are high.

http://www.projectcarsgame.com/cars.html full car list at the bottom. Ruf's not Porsche's, EA still hold the licence for Porsche and it was too expensive to acquire from them this time around.

&gt; How fun is it? Without being able to modify your car, what are your goals?

Answering the second question first, your goals are to achieve various ""accolades"" within the game while defining your own career path (more on that in an answer to your other question). As for how fun it is, if you're into any form of racing (open wheel, GT's, Prototypes, Karts, even oval racing is coming at some point) then you should find something you enjoy. Given you can alter the difficulty of both driving and opponents in career mode you should also be able to find a difficulty that is challenging but fair as well.

&gt; Do you earn licenses like in GT?

As you progress through your career your results determine what contracts you are offered for the following year. Good results might mean you are promoted from GT4 to GT3, or from LMP2 to LMP1, and so on. You might also get invites to change class/category all together, jumping from Open Wheel to Tin Tops for example. There are eight tiers from Karting (tier 8) to LMP1 (tier 1) of various championships to find something you're interested in, being able to start at any point is a bonus.

&gt; Do you race cups like Mario Kart?

Not really. You race full seasons, with practice, qualifying, and races, depending on the format you're racing in you may have a different number of races in each round. Sessions are able to be fully skipped or skipped to the end of the session (if you feel you've had enough practice or have set your best time in qualifying for example). Each ""weekend"" can be altered to be longer or shorter depending on the time you have available or your desire for a longer race.

You may also receive invitations across the year if your performances are good, you might be racing in GT3 and receive an invitation for a GT1X (Zonda R kind of car) one-off event during the year, then go back to racing your GT3's.

 &gt;I hear all cars are unlocked from the start is that true?

That is true. As the career allows you to start at any point it didn't make sense to lock them behind progression walls. This also allows online racing leagues to start without needing to unlock the vehicle(s) they want to race with.

&gt; If so, what do you earn in game?

Have to be honest. Nothing. There's no credit system, no levelling system, no experience metre (just your race wins tally on your driver profile). Just whatever goals you set for yourself.

Hopefully I've answered your questions :)"
"RNG should be used as an abstraction of variance that represents the human factor that you can't off load on the human.

So, in a game like Civ, where you're not actually fighting the battle, RNG for the whole thing works.  That's the feel of that game, and it's OK.

In a game like X-Com where you're not actually aiming the gun, you should do it for that.  I just want to move the pieces around and deal with the tactics.

And in a game like CS:GO, very little should be RNG.  You're actively taking control of one person.  Maybe a little for how much damage the armor absorbs, or things like that.  But eliminate it if possible, and put the work on the player."
"I definitely agree with this, and i think it mostly, in my opinion, comes down to the games philosophy on rng. Xcom, as your example, is a good example of a good philosophy on it, as is Fire Emblem. Those games aren't about relying on the random nature- they're about playing around it, and doing everything you can to minimize it, then having backup plans for if things do go wrong once. This, in essence, turns the randomness into a skill you can master, as weird as that sounds."
"Randomizes where your hero spawns when the illusions pop out. Not 100% sure if this still is a thing in DOTA2 though. 

Edit; Yeah it is: http://dota2.gamepedia.com/Manta_Style

&gt;The formation of the owner and the illusions is always the same. One spawns on the owner's cast location and the others randomly on north, east, south or west side each.

&gt;Though the formation is always the same, the owner and the illusions take a random position in the formation and have all the same facing angle."
"It's definitely low settings, there should be grass and bushes. [Here's the same track on ultra settings](https://youtu.be/zfZ3XtMLKns?t=228)."
"What? No, RNG is RNG.

In this case it adds a layer of randomness to the combat not present in other situations, meaning that you can and will get fucked by bad luck, instead of just unskilled play."
"I think RNG makes HS alot more fun BUT on the same time it makes the game worse on a competitive level.

the draw card mechanic already adds alot of RNG to the game so that plus that some cards got RNG built in their abilities = too much RNG in my opinion or shouldnt be played competitively

 (I will get downvoted for this, I know)"
"Yeah, I think it sounds like a much better way to deal with mods. Valve is going to try and bring back paid mods in some form, so it would be pretty interesting if they took inspiration from this."
"People were freaking out when the PS3 launched at 600 dollars, a price it had because of the hardware compatibility of PS2 games.

If you wanna play PS3 games, just turn on your PS3, a PS4 being backwards compatible wouldn't make the games any better."
"And [Epic Games](https://wiki.unrealengine.com/Unreal_Tournament) still intends to. That's how they plan to finance the new and otherwise free to play Unreal Tournament (plus that announcement is about a year old so they're definitely not just taking inspiration from Valve's attempt).

&gt;We’ll eventually create a marketplace where developers, modders, artists and gamers can give away, buy and sell mods and content. Earnings from the marketplace will be split between the mod/content developer, and Epic. That’s how we plan to pay for the game. 

Thing is that I can imagine this working a lot better for stuff like weapons, mods and gamemodes in UT than the crapshoot that is Skyrim modding.

Valve wasn't off with the idea. They just picked the absolute worst game they could possibly have to debut it with and completely botched both their PR and the implementation, which ended up being anything but consumer-friendly."
"How do you solve the issue of the once-a-week gamer? I've gone multiple weeks without playing a game, and sometimes you come back and can't remember what's going on. There are some games that have no objective markers, and I was unable to progress without backtracking and talking to every NPC, and in some cases, the dialog was non-repeatable and I gave up.

I understand that it really helps with immersion, but if you aren't playing regularly this really turns into a headache in my experience."
"The again, if you have ready seen the cutscene once, having to sit through it over again is terribly annoying.  For instance, I was playing GTA V yesterday and began a mission in which I needed to assassinate someone but didn't have the tools to complete it, so I had to quit the mission, buy the necessary stuff, and restart.  If I had had to watch the entire cutscene detailing the mission again, I would have been pissed."
"To use Hearthstone as an example, it's somewhat hit or miss in competitive play.

Like someone else mentioned, RNG can be kind of a crutch that makes a player bank on crazy-high odds when it's far from the best choice in the situation. One example is [Crackle](http://www.hearthpwn.com/cards/12241-crackle), which I think is one of the most unfun cards to play against, considering it rewards the player for the 1/4 roll and then gets the receiving player inevitably mad as hell when it lands. People should be treating it as ""just"" the Shaman [Frostbolt](http://www.hearthpwn.com/cards/177-frostbolt) at its minimum, keeping account of other ways of dealing the 3 variable damage on the card... But a lot of people just don't and YOLO with it. In those cases it's not really good for the player or fun.

That being said, though, with such a high amount of variability I think it lends itself its own level of skill. From a turn-by-turn standpoint, the amount of knowledge required to figure your chances of topdecking something, your opponent's chances of topdecking something, weighing those odds against risky plays or ones that might require good RNG rolls and such... Even if there were only about 5% skill involved in Hearthstone, it makes squeezing those mechanics a pretty tough endeavor, and considering how close some matchups are it really pushes you over the top in terms of the ladder. 

RNG isn't really something you should take turn by turn, anyway; preparing for that RNG in the first place is way more important and deckbuilding is how you ensure good rolls in the first place. The metagame is about as important as your in-game variability too. The simple act of laddering requires you to take into account the amount of any deck playing at a certain time. Even if you have a highly variable deck, having a good matchup will let you win anyway. It's just a different skillset involved.

That being said, though, I do think Blizzard pushes it a bit sometimes in regard to how much they want to push the RNG. One of the ways to get around draw variability is to simply have a combo deck that draws itself out; you're allowed to have up to about a third of your deck in your hand at once, so it'll give you plenty of options at once. But the previous deck that did that- [pre-nerf Miracle Rogue](http://www.hearthpwn.com/decks/63019-25-legend-ultimate-miracle-rogue-guide)- got nerfed after a few months. [Patron Warrior](http://www.hearthpwn.com/decks/234494-s14-update-2eu-grim-patron-warrior-guide-video) right now is considered top tier (if not the best deck) on the ladder right now and it does pretty much the same thing, even though the win method for it is a bit more in line with Blizzard's aim for creature interactions, so people are kind of wondering about an incoming nerf. (Granted, that might be because of [a ""solid"" card](http://www.hearthpwn.com/cards/14454-emperor-thaurissan) anchoring it... But you're usually still in a good position without Thaurissan.)"
"It's lowest-common-denominator design, which is the surest way to maximize your market share and the return on investment on multi-million dollar projects. I'm not a fan of it either, but I'll admit there are times when I space out during dialog and miss key points about what's going on or why. Having a journal system makes sure the key points are always covered, but it's not foolproof.

It'd be nice if we could find interim solutions that were appropriate for each game's lore. It makes perfect sense for GTA V to have GPS markers, but not Skyrim. Why couldn't Skyrim have a compass and a map that other characters marked for you to highlight objectives? Using basic map reading and compass skills would bring you back into the game while still giving you a clear indication of the next objective, and it could be easily substituted for a conventional objective marker if users preferred it."
"i would prefer some sort of toggle. i played divinity for over 100 hours and i liked it but the all out freedom meant that i did things pretty out of sequence, which is not bad. i loved it. i played it for over 100 hours!

on the other hand

i played skyrim for over 160 hours and i used the map markers and compass almost annoyingly. 

to be honest, i don't think that there is a clear answer. i think that the gameplay is going to just have to win people over more than the map interface. "
"I much prefer Monster Hunter's random drop system over most MMOs. In Monster Hunter at least you feel like you are working up to something since you get crafting materials on every kill. You're bound to get that Rathalos Ruby soon enough if you break all its parts and cut off its tail.

In a lot of MMOs you can kill the same boss 100s of times and not get any good drops. You aren't building up to any good drops, either, because it's a 'one-and-done' system. You either get the drop or you don't. "
"They also hired modders to make the two 32 map episodes of [Final Doom](http://doom.wikia.com/wiki/Final_Doom). They were ahead of their time, but then again they practically gave birth to modding.
&gt;It was released on May 31, 1996 by id Software under the initiative of John Romero and developed by members of the fan community belonging to TeamTNT.

&gt;TNT: Evilution was developed independently by TeamTNT, and was purchased by id Software when it was practically complete. The Plutonia Experiment, on the other hand, was created specifically for Final Doom after its authors showed some of the id Software developers an incomplete set of levels. Its two authors, while part of TeamTNT and also contributors to TNT: Evilution, produced The Plutonia Experiment independently."
"Dude, fucking Math and Word Rescue? HELL FUCKING YES.

Bio Menace, oh how I have missed you.

Hocus Pocus was already on GOG.com, but still happy to see that as well."
"You've hit upon one of my favorite points, that you feel you've got to justify those 100 hours (that you apparently enjoyed playing) with loot, otherwise it's wasted. 

It's a weird intrinsic ""feeling"" thing that's hard to design in. There's probably many books of research been done on it, and impossible to get exactly right.

The other thing with D3 is that now with loot 2.0 they tune the loot to whatever class you're playing, and they've got a 'pity timer' if you go too long without a good drop."
"I disagree. I hate the Borderlands 2 DLC. There are what.. 3 ""complete-ish"" editions now? None of which are complete.

You have to spend 30 minutes figuring out which edition of the game comes with what, then what DLC you'll have to buy separate. Next you have to find out if those remaining DLCs are in a bundle or if they need to be bought individually. It's a mess, and all of it cost a lot of money when it came out.

I do like the idea that you can pay as much as you want to continue to expand the story, but most of their DLC is reskin/cosmetic stuff, which could easily not exist if they had mod/workshop support. Yet they're still charging a few dollars for each pack. :/

Also I'm assuming you forgot all the initial hate. I believe with every game, except Borderlands 2, the ""season pass"" has been a one time thing. Like each game gets one season pass, but Borderlands 2 had two season passes. People that bought the first one thought by purchasing it, they were getting the full experience. Now, even if you purchase both season passes, you still don't get the all the DLC with them. :/

**tl;dr** BL2 DLC is a mess, and not what I would call a good example."
"Having random elements doesn't automatically eliminate competitive play.  It just means you need to have a sufficiently large sample size to give a confident outcome (so, multiple matches).  If you lose one match, it could very well be bad luck.  If you lose 5 out of 7 matches, it's far more likely to be a matter of you being outplayed.

People play Poker competitively.  It's largely understood that chance is a big part of it, but strategy is far more important in the long term."
"&gt;plus that announcement is about a year old so they're definitely not just taking inspiration from Valve's attempt

They are taking inspiration from Valve, just not from the recent Skyrim fiasco.

People forget that Valve have already successfully implemented paying for community created content in TF2, Dota 2, and CS: GO.

I'm almost certain that Epic looked at the popularity of Valve's multiplayer games and the user generated content in them and are trying to emulate that with UT."
No. It's 720p at 30fps on Wii U. http://www.cinemablend.com/games/Project-CARS-Support-720p-30fps-Wii-U-53788.html
"&gt; If games had never introduced skippable cutscenes I'm sure that we would have a lot less quest markers in games

Just because you have an unskippable cutscene doesn't mean everyone's going to pay attention to it. Eventually you would still need something to show up to guide the player in the right direction."
"From my competitive experiences in CS 1.6 &amp; CSGO, I absolutely despise RNG in FPS games. I think it lowers the skill ceiling by a good amount and is intentionally done by devs to give lesser skilled players the chance to kill much better players every now and then. This appeases the casual crowd and attracts them because newer players feel huge satisfaction and get a taste what it's like to beat some hugely well-known player in a random pub or matchmaking game. This can ""hook"" the new player and motivate him to keep playing until he can be as good as that player one day. Back during my early days of CS in versions 1.3 through 1.6, the skill curve was quite brutal. You would get destroyed in pubs by competitive players and had to learn the hard way how to get better. You actually had to put in the work to get better by learning how to strafe shoot, learning the popular wallbang spots (wallbanging is pointless in GO), learning how to move efficiently and quickly, knowing how to hold or peek certain angles, knowing good pop flashes and smokes, knowing how to efficiently spend your money (remember you had to buy individual clips of ammo and each type of ammo had it's own unique price. You don't have to buy any ammo in CSGO), any many other factors.

In CS terms of RNG, this could mean a random across-the-map strafing headshot with any gun. The RNG in movement accuracy, especially with pistols, is too high in CSGO and wasn't anywhere near as much of a problem in 1.6. The ""worse"" RNG factor in 1.6 was random wallbang kills but those were so rare that it didn't really bother competitive players. Nothing infuriates me more in CSGO than when I have a perfect defensive position and am holding a great angle and I get instantly one shotted from long distance by some Tek9 or Five-Seven. Holding angles and having good aim was what won you the majority of rounds in 1.6 and it's become nearly useless in CSGO, especially combined with how strong smoke grenades are. To answer the question if the casual or pro's notice this, I'd say the casual players don't notice this often, if at all. They likely don't follow or aren't into competitive CSGO enough to understand how broken being able to accurately strafe and shoot is. If they never played 1.6 or possibly even Source (I don't have as much experience in CSS), they definitely won't recognize this issue.

I've never minded the slight bit of RNG in the recoil or damage range on the weapons. This is what I would consider good RNG. If I recall correctly, in 1.6 there was a very small chance a long range AK headshot on a full HP and Kevlar enemy could only do 99 damage whereas the majority of the time it would be a one shot kill. I know I had scenarios like this during my matches but they were soooo very rare that it didn't bother me. Out of my 6+ years of competitive CS playtime, I don't think I ever truly raged over a death due to RNG. Sure, I had many rounds where I would think ""How did he not die?!? I hit him like 10 times!"" or ""How did that AWP shot miss?!?"" but I'd learn afterwards that I simply missed the shots. Sure, some of the misses could be netcode/hitbox related or I could've just been a terrible aim but I never fretted over these deaths. 

I still believe that CS 1.6 had the perfect mix of small amounts of RNG and heavy skill-based gameplay mechanics. It is still the highest skilled and best version of CS I've played (CS 1.5 has a good argument as well). I honestly think the gameplay was as close to perfection as you can get. The biggest criticisms with the game were the lack of good competitive maps and some netcode/hitbox issues but these are still prevalent issues in CSGO anyway."
"I miss quests without markers. There's a quest in Skyrim that has you looking for a guy who attacked someone and then disappeared. I was super excited because I love looking for clues to solve a mystery and detective quests in general. Sadly, there was nothing to investigate. The moment you start the quest a big arrow appears on the guy's room, when you enter you don't have to search for anything because there's a big arrow over his journal and then you don't even have to read a word of it because the moment you open it a big arrow appears over his exact location. I've never been more dissapointed with a mission/quest.

I don't want every quest to be without a marker because it can get frustrating when you have to search for absolutely everything, but we need at least some of them, especially the ones where you're supposed to investigate something."
"Unless the hunter has 4 minions on the board, then summon Leokk.

Misha doesn't exist unless I'm playing Hunter.  "
"You're so ignorant it's sad, stop looking for false outrage where there is none. The reason the old PS3s could play PS2 games is because they *literally* had a PS2 inside them. That was one of the things that contributed to the insane $600 price that they stripped out to make it affordable. "
"Well, here's the course that the Welsh track in the game is modeled on: [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/9VeaMm1.jpg). It's pretty flat."
"Some designers and people think that just because you play x hours doesn't mean you need y number of rewards.  I am on the otherside of that argument.  I think if I play x number of hours, I need to received y number of rewards and see my player get a little better each time so that with enough time and successful effort, I can get to as high of a level of play as I can get to with my skill.  I dont like being held back from progressing simply because I have to wait until the RNG gods grant me an upgrade.  I paid $50 for this game, im not going to play it for the rest of my life.  I'm going to stop at some point, and if nothing is changing in the game and its the same shit over and over again, i'll just move on to another game, no big deal."
"If you mean a traditional story, no. Standard progression, fictional social media, like a lot of modern racing games."
"This is something that I'm fine with, as long as I have a way to re-teach myself what I'm supposed to do every time I load up.

Morrowind is a good example of this I think. There are a lot of quests and things that rely on you getting descriptions of places and vague locations. I think it had objective markers, but not for a lot of stuff, so exploring was mandatory.

I wish skyrim was a little less objective-marker based, but the game would take FOREVER without it."
I'm a huge fan of Monster Hunter but I'm not a fan of the RNG drop rates. When there's a 3% chance of getting a particular item and you grind with a mate and he gets 6 of them before you get your first there should at least be some maximum threshold or at least allow trading while in hunts. It brings back bad memories of Destiny.
"I think that's the key here.

Ogre Magi and CK are fine because you add RNG to abilities that are fairly strong without it and RNG gives it the chance to be stronger, while at the same time whenever you see the ability you know what's going to happen every time and can prepare for it regardless of how strong it ends up being and it doesn't effect them negatively if they don't get the RNG they want. 

The worst kind of RNG is RNG that potentially makes you weaker which just ruins the viability of whatever it's used on, because you who's gonna take a chance on the ability being shit half the time. Ragnaros is such a fun card in Hearthstone, but can you imagine if his fireball had the chance of hitting you or your other creatures on the board? He'd never see play.

You kinda see that with alot of the Ogre cards they introduced in GVG, they just don't really see play because their effect can completely screw you.

"
"For what its worth, D3's random loot generation was fixed with Loot 2.0.  It's no longer like release D3 with the terrible random drops."
"That's not what [pseudo random](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pseudorandomness) means. Pseudo randomness is the process that deterministic computers use to generate apparently random numbers, by applying some complicated mathematical formulas to a seed. The numbers look random, but given the same seed you will always get the same sequence of numbers. There are ways for computers to get truly random numbers by using special hardware, but this is rarely used.

What Dota actually does is replace independent random numbers with dependent random numbers, so that your chance of success or failure is inversely proportional to your recent successes and failures. Dota uses a PRNG to generate these numbers, like most games, but it's not the PRNG that is different or special, it's the distribution of random numbers that they use (and it would be possible to use the same distribution with a true RNG)."
I felt that the KOTOR quest journal was succinct enough that if I hadn't played in a week I could pick up where I was in the story with just a minute or two of looking over it. 
Sometimes it feels like EA has started to steer into the skid. I think they quite like the attention. 
It's an incredibly high level of rng though. Some of the recent tourny games were decided by a single minion's (knife juggler) effect occurring a singular time (at least according to popular streamers).  That leaves a bad taste when the entire game rides on that effect.
For me it completely depends on the circumstances. Some games I feel the use of RNG needs some form of limiting or it can inadvertently cause problems. An example is World of Tanks. The larger 150mm guns can have a possible damage roll range from 500-900. Well if you get a jump on another player and get two shots off that were low rolls he can actually match your advantage with one shot simply because he got lucky. I always found this to be a poor use of RNG.
"Supposedly, a patch is going to be released with this dlc that will hopefully fix every problem PC users are experiencing with the port.

I've already clocked in over 100 hours into MKX, less than 5 minutes of them have been in online mode. "
"If my memory surves me. The Terraria protocol put the clients in control of /everything/ and all the server really did was store the world and pass the clients' packets to other clients. In a client/server relationship that is the #1 no-no. You *never* trust the client, ever, let alone give it full control over the server. It made any kind of server ""fact"" checking impossible in many cases.

In Minecraft the client makes requests of the server and the server has final say in the matter. Example: Client says it is hovering above the ground and the server checks to see if client is in creative or allowed to fly before deciding that isn't allowed and kicking the client.

In Terarria the clients *tells* the server it did something and the server doesn't even shrug before passing the information to other clients. Example: A client spawns an explosion on another player's location and the server just blindly passes it along."
"What you are saying is entirely accurate. The sad thing is, Dota2 has developed a kind of parallel vocabulary where ""pseudorandom"" means something completely different from what it means to the rest of the world, which is really unfortunate and potentially misleading."
"&gt; Doing that meant that the random mechanic helped reward skilled gameplay in some way.

Sort of. The problem with this though is that skilled players don't *need* more random crits. They're usually going to win a fight anyways. So even though skilled players get more random crits, the mechanic overall is still more beneficial to unskilled players who need some random kills (which is largely why the mechanic exists in the first place)."
"Whoa wait, 3D Realms is Apogee? Those two together made up a huge chunk of my childhood.

Edit: I could have sworn Commander Keen was Id. Someone school me on video game history, here."
"Definitely! I think the most pure application of this is Texas Hold Em Poker, which is my go-to example of one of my favorite and simple games."
"For programming yes, that's what psuedorandom is. But for game design/MOBAs/Dota/LoL/Whatever psuedorandom has taken on the meaning that /u/VanWesley was talking about since there isn't a better madeup term for what they do. It's the standard meaning for most casual Dota/LoL players therefore making it the correct term to use. "
"For Skyrim, I frequently installed a ""Better Quest Objectives"" mod, like [this one](http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/32695/?) to get around that a bit. It's not perfect, but it was a big step up IMO"
"&gt; The reason you don't remember what happened is because more than likely you were bored either with the characters or events themselves. Especially if you played a game and didnt go back to it for weeks. It may have not been compelling to you at all.

Or it's because I just didn't have time to play video games for a couple of weeks. Or if it's really been a long time it's because I wanted to play another game for a while, but thought the game was compelling enough to come back to, and given my limited time to play video games, I don't want to just start over.

"
"I like Hearthstone a lot, but RNG is the reason I'll drop the game like a bad habit once the free-to-play Magic game comes out this summer.  The only RNG of Magic is the probability of what cards you'll draw from your deck, and you already know that probability going into the match.  I'm not a fan of ""summon a random minion"" giving you either a 1/1 sheep or a Kel'Thuzad.  Not only that, but how will a card like that work as time goes on and more cards are added into the game?  Will it be ""summon a random minion from the first expansion or earlier"" or ""summon a random minion from any and all cards""?  Because if it's the latter, the utility of that card changes in weird ways as more cards are added, changing the probability of getting something good."
"Exactly. I may not 100% remember the events previous, but i don't necessarily want to repeat them as opposed to experiencing something new. "
"I'm not comparing TF2, Dota2, CS:GO to Skyrim.  I'm comparing them to UT.  It's clear that Epic have clearly looked at what Valve have done with their multiplayer games and are doing something similar."
thing is 90% of EA's customers don't come on game forums so it takes a pretty huge stink for it to affect their bottom line.
"It's actually called [Pseudo Random Distribution](http://dota2.gamepedia.com/Pseudo-random_distribution) in Dota, OP was just inaccurate"
"No upgrading in Pcars, just tuning/setup. If you're expecting a PC version of GT/Forza you're probably going to be quite disappointed."
"Yes, Apogee rebranded their name to 3D Realms in the mid-90s. Interestingly enough, even though they go by 3D Realms, their legal name is actually Apogee Software Ltd."
"I'm excited for Witcher 3 and its two expansion packs, but a pre-order is a pre-order. I'll wait until they're fully unveiled and launching before I pay my money, tyvm."
"This is a pretty good start. It does require you to know other nearby landmarks, but that *is* one of the typical IRL methods for navigation.

I might have a different perspective on navigation systems than younger gamers since I grew up before GPS and cell phones were ubiquitous. I learned how to read a map and a compass in the boy scouts (sociopolitical considerations aside, I wish there were more organizations to teach practical skills to kids these days), and all of the historical fiction and fantasy/sci-fi books I read as a kid relied on the prevailing methods of the day like star charts.

Including those kinds of navigational methods and technologies would hugely benefit any game with an exploration theme, IMHO. Skyrim is a prime example. You'd have to provide a tutorial to teach skills to people who weren't familiar with the concepts, but the payoff would absolutely be worth it.

That said, I'm not sure I'd want to play Skyrim without a fast travel option. It's one thing to find a place on my own the first time, but it's another thing entirely to have to backtrack across a world as large as that one. There's a point where the fun of exploration ends and tedium begins, and video games are almost exclusively an entertainment medium. You've got to make some compromises for games to meet that fundamental obligation, I suppose."
"Personally, for me, the slickest implementation of a completely optional ""quest marker"" is in the Dead Space games. 

On a controller click the left stick and [Isaac will hold out his hand and a pulse will leave his glove, and trace a path on the floor.](http://www.visualwalkthroughs.com/deadspace/newarrivals/27.jpg) It can be set to find different things like a save point, workbench etc. and they are assigned different coloured paths. Once you are familiar with it you can easily figure out where your path is going to lead you based on its colour alone. 

It's completely non-intrusive, optional and fits perfectly within the universe. After playing a dead space game, I'll find myself clicking the thumbstick when I'm lost out of habit, followed by the disappointment that pretty much ONLY dead space has a method this well implemented."
"Fire emblem is definitely not just Rock Paper Scissors. While it does have elements of it, it's about managing those elements against each other and knowing when to break the rules and use a scissors against a rock because it will give you an advantage against the next 3 enemies, or when to let your healer purposely take a hit because you figured out the one enemy can go for them, they can survive, and it'll take pressure off the others."
"&gt;Having a journal system makes sure the key points are always covered, but it's not foolproof.

I think Pillars of Eternity did a great job with this. The directions are always specific enough that I know where to go, but I usually have to explore and poke around for a little while. It's certainly a lot better than having someone mark where you need to go on your magic map."
"Yup, that's why I stopped trying to enjoy a game I couldn't, and went back to Magic: The Gathering. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯"
Sounds like they're adding nice tweaks to the core formula. I'm more interested to see the instrument quality and learn more about the campaign. Hopefully the soundtrack is on par with Rock Band 2 and less like 3. 
"Yeah, guys, it's not like literally every other game with a multiplayer component does this because it's a straightforward example of industry best practices that is beneficial for the consumer as well as the producer and has clear advantages over a pointlessly complicated integrated model that is plagued by excessive loading times, bugs, and connectivity issues!"
"Honestly, a lot of the cards in the Goblins vs Gnomes felt random for the sake of being random.  Piloted Shredder, Implosion, Crackle, Dr. Boom, Sneed's Old Shredder...Blizzard must think randomness makes the game more exciting or something.  In all honesty I have played far less since all these cards became popular, its just not fun when no matter how well or poorly I play I can still lose to a dice roll."
"Another thing you should be thinking about is, not everyone plays in long sittings (2-4 hours). Some people play for 30 minutes at a time, and when you're constantly picking up and putting down the controller it can be hard to remember what's going on at this point in the story. Objective markers help with that. Now there are other ways to handle that, but it's a bit more of a production.

***SPOILERS FOR WILD ARMS 3***

First Intro:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezkMLIdE-Kg

Second Intro:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x95Em6_8R4o


So, what's happening here? The developers of Wild Arms saw a problem that affects many JRPGs, and decided to develop a system to solve it. Because the story in a JRPG takes place over the course of 40-80 hours, sometimes people can lose track of their place and need a refresher. Rather than having a passive data log like in Mass Effect, each time the player loads up their save, one of the skippable intro videos plays, based on what point they're at in the plot. So as new villains and characters are introduced, major plot points occur, each is represented in the intro video to remind the player where they're at in the plot. I thought it was a brilliant way to solve a problem.
"
"I'm not trying to be rude here, but have you played a fair bit of hearthstone before? There are a lot of situations where you can get truly fucked on unbelievably remote odds. Things that are easily ""alright, this has a 99.6% chance of winning me the game"" and then losing. Amazing swings are possible, too. Everything from killing an opponent from full to dead in 1 turn, to going from near dead to full in 1 turn, to completely clearing everything on the board.

Every now and then, you can be doing everything perfectly, and get some truly miraculous outlier of RNG that completely changes everything."
"I really liked Morrowind's quest journal because it would take a long conversation with an NPC and break it down to just what you need to remember in order to complete the quest. Of course there were a lot of journal entries that gave too vague or sometimes incorrect directions, and it was sometimes difficult to search through the journal to find information on an older quest. But I still think it is an excellent model for games to use and build on."
"Plus there's already a spell in the game called Clairvoyance that leads you to your objective. This could have been a really neat idea with a journal-based quest system so that if you get lost, you could cast a spell to help you find your way."
"Another interesting thing about Fire Emblem's RNG is that the number generator generates two numbers and takes the average to determine results (at least, in every international release IIRC). This way, unlikely results, such as missing a 90% hit-rate attack, are even less likely to occur. I really like this system, because it makes the results more predictable while still using chance-based mechanics such as crits and misses effectively; you can somewhat reliably use a ""dodge tank"" or build for crit without having to max it at the cost of everything else."
Personally I always liked [Raptor: Call of the Shadows](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raptor:_Call_of_the_Shadows)
"Hmm...maybe in a really old set?  I've only been playing Magic since about 2012, and I haven't encountered any of those cards.  However, Wizards of the Coast did design the Pokemon TCG, and holy shit, that game is filled with ""flip a coin"" cards.  At some point, you need to ask why you've even got cards in front of you.  You could just flip coins for fun.  If you get heads, you win."
"Rock Band is the best party game outside of Nintendo. It's great rhythm games are being rebooted to this generation. I owe a lot to Rock Band to not only exploring new music genres, but also giving me motivation to learn to play instruments. From pressing buttons on a plastic peripheral to owning 3 guitars and a bass it was the spark that brought new life to me. "
"It's called Magic Duels: Origins, and I sat through about a half hour of a really embarrassingly bad Magic: The Gathering panel just to hear about this video game.  It's all good news so far.  Everything in the game can be earned for free, completely customizable decks, and it comes out (I think) this summer."
Hasn't it been available for pre-order since they announced it a few weeks ago? I'm not sure why we need another thread about it. 
"If the game says you'll hit your target 1 out of 5 times, I believe it will hit 1 out or 5, but the psychology of missing a 20% shot really does feel like it only hits one in twenty. I've noticed this a lot when designing my own work, but I definitely think there's some factors in Long War that make it seem like a 20% chance might as well be a 0% chance.


Part of it is that we rarely get to take 5 shots, and when we do land a 20% shot it feels like we haven't gotten one in FOREVER. Also, there isn't ever a long enough engagement where you have the luxury of 5 shots to battle it out with another alien.


For me, taking a 65% shot is a gamble, because its just high enough to possibly hit, but just low enough that I don't want to hinge my plans on it. And definitely assuming that 75% chance will hit my target certainly has horribly set my plans astray."
Rock Band 3 is my favorite game of all time. I'm so happy to hear what they've done to make it better. I'm so excited to get back into this!
"I am filled with irrational joy at the mere idea of starting the song via count, using the drumsticks. Such a little thing, but it is eliciting a huge response from me. I didn't realize how much I wanted to let out my inner [Kim Pine.](http://i.imgur.com/KZ6fUke.gif)"
"Not quite sure what to think of the new fills feature. I hope you'll be able to turn it off. I like to make my own fills.

Also, really pumped that they're adding legacy harmonies to their dlc."
"Actually, the RNG in Hearthstone made me quit the game after a few days. It was completely frustrating how dependent you were on your draws."
"Maybe I'm an outlier, but I hate when games don't use quest markers.  I play a lot of MMOs and one thing that really gets me is when I have to pause and shift through maps and menus memorizing imaginary names just so I can go kill 10 bears or collect someone's mail.  

I get that some people must like it or we wouldn't see complaints like this all the time, but when I play a game I tend to prefer to go through things at a fairly brisk pace and most games that don't use quest markers tend to also have long, meandering text so I find that I get even less out of the story because I'm looking up where to go online all the time.

Just my two cents."
Hardcore dungeon crawlers like Etrian Odyssey requires you to draw your own maps. It works really well on the DS and the 3DS systems.
I'm late to this conversation but I'll throw my 2 cents in. The only time rng has ever bothered me or that I even noticed it was a problem was recently with destiny. I can't play that game cause the grind for nothing is just horrible. About a month before the first dlc release I thought I'd grind out to 30 before the dlc. Jump in the strike play lists and play literally for about 3 hours straight. That whole time I got 0 blue drops 0 purple drops and about 6 green drops. Green is basically useless after lvl 20 so why even drop them for those lvl characters?! It ruined destiny for me. I felt like I did a shit ton of work for nothing. Other games I honestly never noticed rng. It either worked properly or it worked good enough for me that I didn't get bothered by it. 
"Yeah, I'll bet that he can brush off a lot of basic strikes. We see him going for &amp; getting a grab while being attacked so I bet some of his moves can't be interrupted. And that it's all balanced by an inability to jump &amp; your standard ""big guy, big damage, slow attacks""  profile."
"I don't know why people don't look at the other end of WB's pricing and realize that they discount their games a lot faster than anyone else. Especially the Arkham games. I don't like them that much, but I have had no issues picking up the GOTY versions of Asylum and City for $5 a piece. Pretty sure Origins has a similar package with all the DLC for pretty cheap at times, too.

Don't like the $40 season pass for Arkham Knight? Uh... don't buy it and wait for the entire game and DLC to be packaged as a GOTY version for $5-20. Because it's a total viable option and it's not really valid to complain that publishers are forcing you to make any purchase immediately. The choice to buy it or not buy it will always be in front of you.

The only publisher that I ever really see hold on to their base game prices that long is Activison, and even then I can see why they do it. Their games still sell pretty decently well at the prices they discount them to and a lot of them are worthwhile even at like $20. And even then, I'm not being forced to buy them and I'm perfectly content doing other things or playing other games in the meantime."
"No, don't you get it? If you don't remember where you are in this 30-hour story-heavy game, you should start over, just like you would a 2-hour movie or a 4-hour book.

The timescales we're talking about are exactly the same! I mean, you can just skim over the game the second time through, right? No more leveling or plot advancement needed, just pop in on every scene/chapter to refresh your memory and...wait, no game lets you do that. Guess it's all 30 hours for you!"
"You're exactly right. Hearthstone RNG can be so rage inducing and is the worse type of RNG you can have. The Huffer example is a good one. That four damage Huffer does is often the sole difference between losing and  surviving an extra turn or two and possibly drawing that healing card or Taunt and swinging the momentum. What people often overlook is how big early turn RNG can have and how it can lead to snowball wins so easily. Early turn Knife Juggler plays can easily determine the game, Unstable Portal giving you a big Legendary (like a Turn 3 Trade Prince Gallywix), and Implosion plays are often the worse offenders."
"Partial counterpoint: http://www.reddit.com/r/hearthstone/comments/344pd5/reckfuls_on_stream_lethal_puzzle/

There's a situation where RNG elements raise the skill ceiling in a game. There are at least six different lines of play that provide a good chance of winning, but they're all slightly different percentages, one of them is the best, and it's not at all obvious even to experts which one that is. And you have, what, 130 seconds to make your play?

RNG during your turn can create branching decision chains that greatly increase the maximum complexity of ideal play.
"
Nothing said in this statement is reassuring whatsoever. It still sounds like they wholly don't care about the low stock and scalping. 
"I could see this being a really big hit. Casual family game, and competitive friend party game.

Hope they can keep it fresh enough to not just feel like a re-hash of everything before it."
"variations have been shown, I forgot the link.

1) called unstoppable. Big thing here is if you ""lose"" a round you come back to life with however much meter you had left as life. the other player has to kill you again

2) forget name - you have a move that totally negates damage, but you can't jump or dash and you're stuck stunned if the move expires without you hitting the opponent. probably great for bullying on wake up or corners. also you have his machete 

3) also forgot name - he has a super punishable teleport, but the ex version is safe. i forgot what else this one gives you"
"Yeah...I doubt anything is going to change. Even those reissues are going to sell out in minutes. At this point all I want is Marth, Luncina and Robin. I was really into the Amiibo craze, but the way this newest wave was handled almost completely killed the whole thing for me."
"Does it though? Honestly, I'm only interested in two of the four characters and I'd rather pick up those two at $5 a pop than drop $40 for a bunch of stuff I won't use. Might as well save it for the next pack "
"Modern magic tries VERY hard to reduce the amount of randomness in the game because it wants to maintain its strength of being the strongest competitive TCG. 

That said it does show up once in a while. Your example Goblin Kaboomist is a notable exception because 1.) it's in flavor of the card 2.) isn't strong competitively and 3.) was designed by a guest designer (Stone Librande is currently working for Riot games) so they allowed some ""leeway"" for the guest designers"
"I was on the Guitar Hero side of things, but I completely agree with you about finding new music because of these games. Guitar Hero really shaped my music tastes when I was 13-14."
"Did you read the link? The info comes directly from SMS. The Wii U isn't powerful enough, one'd think SMS knows what they're talking about. "
"My issue with Hearthstone is that you have the RNG from it being a card game as well as the RNG from the cards themselves. That's a lot of RNG. Couple that in with the fact that ladder is currently Bo1, you lose a lot of games based entirely on luck."
"Finding very specific NPCs at very specific locations can be very frustrating. I understand the criticism but objective markers to serve a purpose.

* You may have missed your contextual explanation of what to do.

* You may log into a game after a few days/weeks of absence and not recall much about specific locals or characters.

* Your quest-log might be overly wordy or too vague.

* Getting lost and not knowing what to do is the most common reason people get frustrated and/or give up. Clear objectives help maintain the pacing.

* Not every game is intended to be super-immersive or about exploration.

* Games that are about exploration are often so vast, with so many characters and locations, keeping track of them all is impossible.

Now I agree that objective markers could and should be optional. Personally what I'd like to see is an objective marker that doesn't activate until I'm with X yards of my destination. So quest text could say ""go to Manchester and find Dunhalm"". I would still have to look for the city and the right district, the quest-marker would lead me to the specific NPC sparing me having to speak to every single one."
To be honest multilayer is so underwhelming that it would be worth sacrificing it for a moddable single player 
"Traditionally, RNG coin flips are canon for Goblins in MTG. It's not a commonly used mechanic by any measure but it's just some silly flavor. "
"IMO, Magic is not a ""grind all the cards"" game. You should be trading to get the cards you want for your deck, or trying new things with the cards you have. I don't know if you can trade in Hearthstone."
"The keyboard was great but it was more about me liking how the songs sounded.  

Not to say I didn't enjoy Iron Maiden in Rock Band 2 but those songs were flipping hard on drums.    
Random set with all Maiden on expert with Pro drums?  Shit!"
"&gt; Not only will the vocal harmonies added in The Beatles: Rock Band return, but a dedicated group of the Rock Band fan community have gone back and authored harmonies for every previous song and handed it over to Harmonix. For free.

What?! Is this the first instance where they mention this? That's awesome!"
Why it's only going to drive up demand. Then next wave they'll increase stock 5% and reap the rewards. people will still scalp and they'll still be low stock but they'll make more money. Rinse repeat. 
"This is a fairly bad example. In almost all cases the corect course of action would have been to simply walk up while doing battle (orb-walking, animation-cancelling are both techniques that allow you to move while atracking). By keeping the 25% chance to miss, you keep an element of risk in the game which pushes you to make decisions: do you risk missing, or do you risk walking into a more vulnerable zone?"
"Holy macaroni, those wallpapers!

http://static.cdn.ea.com/pulse/starwars/wallpaper_sullust_1920x1080.jpg"
"I remember when games didn't commonly have them. For every game that did it well, a half dozen didn't. You would be trolling gamefaqs trying to find where person X is located or where you can find item 1. Really, for some games, I know that I for certain spent more time trying to find what to do/where to go than I did actually enjoying myself. It was extremely unenjoyable. It's like even in DA:I, a recent game with liberal use of quest markers, you would drive yourself crazy trying to find those treasures. It took me an hour before I said it just wasn't worth it. There is a difference between exploring and being lost. Most games and I would hazard that most gamers find themselves lost rather than exploring."
"There's a statistical rule called ""the law of large numbers""

Basically, the more a probability is rolled for, the closer the observed rate of occurrence of a random phenomenon comes to the actual rate.

In a game like competitive pokemon, you get probably 3-5 rounds, so taking a move with 90% chance to hit has no opportunity to come close to its stated 90% chance to hit. What you could experience in any given match will seem like somewhere between 40-80% chance to hit, or even 100%. 

In a game like Dota, if you have a passive that gives you a 25% chance of evading attacks and spells, it's almost certainly going to proc so many times that it will be effectively extremely close to 25%.

Basically, the more you have to roll the dice, the less of an annoyance RNG becomes, to me."
"Like that bit in the super hero origin story, where the villain realises he has become evil, and then gives it 110%. You know really leans into it."
"It really isn't 3% overall.  If you get 3 carves and 5-8 quest rewards, the effective drop rate is closer to 10%."
"Oh man, this looks like a reimagining of Return to Castle Wolfenstein. I wasn't really convinced until they showed the second episode, The Dark Secrets of Helga Von Schabbs. It looks like it will follow the general progression of the first two missions. The 2nd, Dark Secret, is by far one of my favorite levels in RtCW."
"I think there's a really big spoiler in this video. [Two parts in the game, the second half including zombies.](/spoiler) None of the other trailer or promotional stuff I've seen has that. Maybe it's predictable to most but I didn't even think about it."
"&gt; I don't know if you can trade in Hearthstone.

You can't. Also, what's being discussed here is a F2P (free to play) version of Magic for mobile. It likely will not allow trading either, though maybe they will figure out a way to make that feasible. If cards could be traded, people would just trade for what they want instead of buying content. F2P games still need a revenue stream."
"Skullgirls is one of those games that when you play it and see other people play it, for me it just puts a big fat smile on my face that can't be taken off of me. This video made me feel pretty excited for the PS4 release (although i'd be owning 4 copies of the game lol)"
"[Story Mode, 10 hours in Practice mode, Lvl 50 in all factions, All offline achievements except reaching Lvl 65, 1000+ matches as Raiden etc.](https://imgur.com/4SW37Vn)

Wish i could play online, but i cant. Keeping my fingers crossed for that patch to work."
"Well, the first trailer did show a zombie shambling towards B.J. while he sawed off half of a double-barrel at the end."
"&gt; When you talk to someone, you would need to write it down yourself in an ingame journal. If you press M, there would be a blank page, so you would have to draw the world yourself. 

It would be interesting for about five minutes."
"Driver: San Francisco had a recap sequence every time you booted up the game, no matter how recently you played it.. it got quite tedious. I didn't really care for it in Pokemon either, but at least it was skippable. 

I think the best solution is just to add features into the options menu. Turn off mini-map, turn off HUD, turn off quest markers, turn off legend on full map.. so it's as simple or organic as you want. "
"I'm not sure why he called The New Order a reboot. I'm pretty sure it's a sequel to Wolfenstein from '08ish, which is a sequel to Return to Castle Wolfenstein.

Game looks like fun though. I really enjoyed TNO."
I really wish this game had taken off more than it did. It is so pretty and so deep. I also wish I wasn't absolute trash at it. 
"That jumped out at me very quickly too- and yes, it is the first confirmation that harmonies are returning.  I was afraid they were going to cut them!  To not only include them but include them for the entire back catalog is amazing.  My brain is already going crazy thinking about all the amazing harmony parts in my library... New Pornographers, The Cars, FUCKING BOSTON?!  Hell yes so excited right now."
"But there will always be a subset of gamers who don't give a shit about organic gameplay and just want to see the path to their next objective. This lets people customize their experience. Sure, add bat signals if you want to be organic.. but then add waypoints too, and let me decide if I want to see them or not."
"While it is gorgeous, I think the whole ""we are LIVING and breathing in these locations!"" angle they are using, like in the first BF teaser trailer from last year about going to old sets, is just such PR garbage. I appreciate the design and aesthetics, but it has NOTHING to do with the gameplay. 

Sullust does look pretty sick, though."
"You'd think theyd get someone who doesnt look/sound like theyre reading lines off cue cards for the very first time to do this video

With that, I loved The New Order and am pretty stoked for this"
"It really depends on the game. Dark souls games don't even have a map, but the surroundings will be pounded into your brain and it's quite refreshing. At the same time, I never beat daggerfall (TES2) precisely because of being directionless. There is a journal, but once you are stuck, it's permanent due to it being procedurally generated most of the time. Then in skyrim the game becomes entirely chasing the map marker and it cheapens the experience into climbing mountains on a horse. Then in ESO it becomes even more like that, but I can appreciate that for some reason.

This is the type of thing the market decides and it seems like it is bucking. DayZ's system shouldn't exist with how we think of the market. I just wish more games would choose a middle ground like maybe have a spell for it or an item. More accessible than DayZ but less so than Skyrim."
"I really hope they make a re-issue of the ion drum kit. I own one and it's perfect, the only thing is, I don't have the cymbal kit and it's expensive and hard to find.

I'm extremely excited for rb4. I really missed the world tour mode from 2 and I'm glad it's making a return and being improved. I know RB4 is essentially a retread of the previous ones but It won't feel like the hundreds of hours I spent on the previous games won't be wasted."
I think it's a good idea. The fills in past RB games ALWAYS lagged for me between my hitting the drum and the sound I'd hear. I actually have always wanted a mode to turn those fills off; this sounds like a good compromise.
"Practical skills are changing.

It's *much* more practical to know how to use google maps than an actual map right now.

In the same way, older generations opine that kids these days need to learn how to do long division in their head-

Why? Because *you* did it? Why does that make it practical? We have calculators built into *everything*.

If the main driving reason kids should learn map/compass reading is so that we can have an excuse to emulate it in games, lemme' tell ya', that's not practicality.

EDIT: Practical shit we *should* have to learn about: Resume writing, application writing, interviews, loans, credit, mortgages, leases, basic repair/maintenance for home and car, interpersonal skills, cooking. Home Ec advanced."
I noticed that too. Looks like he's wearing a tie under a hoodie with no shirt underneath. Very strange indeed. 
"&gt; How do you solve the issue of the once-a-week gamer? I've gone multiple weeks without playing a game, and sometimes you come back and can't remember what's going on.

I highly advise you look at Morrowind's questing system. They have no objective markers and everything is nice and tidy in a searchable quest journal. Recaps of the events of a quest from start to finish, the ability to look up specific references that may be discussed across quests, etc.

It felt amazing to have no hand holding and had to ask questions to quest givers and strangers to figure things out. They teach you how to do this early on by giving you quests to find specific herbs and telling you to ask people around town for where to find them or read a book that describes where the herbs are located.

Didnt play for a week? Well go to the journal because its entries are in order which they occurred for your character and will recap what you last did."
I bought a Link amiibo and I hardly know what it actually does. I just bought it because it looked cool.
"At this early point in the marketing cycle they're selling the game to fans of the franchise. The only people looking at a development diary are already interested, they need to convince those people (who're likely mostly Star Wars fans already) that the game will appeal to them. Gameplay is the kind of thing which comes along at E3 to appeal to the hardcore gamer market who care primarily about gameplay, no doubt EA will have a big showcase of it at their conference and give hands on time to the press to convince you that it plays like a game you want. After that they just try and make it look big and exciting and fun for the trailers they use to sell the game to the mass market.

Expecting them to reveal much of anything beyond some cursory details at this point is fundamentally misunderstanding how the game press cycle works. They slowly ramp up over time, talking to different elements as they get closer to release. Right now the only purpose is to keep people interested in the game and to keep them talking about it."
"Chao Garden was legitimately fun enough to be a full game if it was fleshed out a bit more. Like if some sort of Chao thing with more fights, races, etc came out today for the 3DS I would absolutely get it. "
"I do ... believe that... (looks at cue card)...it is a current...trend in...the fashion world.

The whole aura of that guy was strange. "
"&gt; So, in a game like Civ, where you're not actually fighting the battle, RNG for the whole thing works. That's the feel of that game, and it's OK.

It's still kind of bullshit when that phalanx kills my tank though."
"Also Zombies belong to Wolfenstein. Super-Engineering and Super-Natural are the two trademarks, only ""New World Order"" focused on the Engineering part."
"I'm wondering if every previous song is for every song purchased or for the previous songs from the older entries of Rock Band. That's a massive undertaking, right?"
"Well, here are the uses for Link ([via the compatibility chart](http://www.nintendo.com/amiibo/detail/cJarYtO4mH7TRAG-rLNt1i8vmL70eRJ-)):

- Use Link as a special amiibo fighter in **Super Smash Bros. for Wii U / Nintendo 3DS**
- Scan Link into **Hyrule Warriors** to get the Spinner weapon
- Scan Link into **Mario Kart 8** to get the Link suit for your Mii racer
- Scan Link into **amiibo Tap: Nintendo's Greatest Bits** to unlock a VC game demo
- Scan Link for extra lives in **Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker** 
- Scan Link to play Scratch Bonus and win Mario Party Points, letting you unlock in-game bonus content in **Mario Party 10**"
"I actually mentioned this in a comment elsewhere in this thread, I did love the morrowind system. Occasionally it could be quite frustrating, but was usually enough to get you to the right place, and also encouraged you to explore the world, a good balance in my book."
"Have they said HOW they're managing DLC transfers? I'm more concerned about the transfer licenses I bought when going from 1 to 2, 2 to 3, etc. I don't have my copy of 3 anymore."
"I absolutely loved the interface design in DS 1 and 2 in general. It all fit the universe perfectly, and you're right, the objective marker wasn't obtrusive in the slightest. Haven't finished 3 though, I just got bored with the gameplay. Taking out the stores and benches really screwed up the immersion for me, and the ammo system decapitated any semblance of tension with a fully upgraded plasma cutter."
"Overly rehearsed and scripted reading with him forcing himself to pretend to be looking at an offscreen 'interviewer' made it very bizarre. Not sure what the point of showing him at all was, but eh, gameplay looked fun enough."
"Kind of disappointed they're talking about all these new features and yet aren't mentioning double bass support for drums. It seems kind of silly to still be ignoring it at their fourth main entry in the series. Their charting of 'single foot bass' has led to some really odd decisions in the past, leading to times where double bass isn't charted at all (to be expected) to completely charted (in short bursts) or strange instances where they chart every 2nd stroke from the left kick pedal. [Painkiller is one of the worst examples](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5tuw4LreEY), with no real consistency in how they charted double bass in the same song, let alone across every other song that contains double bass.

I'm really looking forward to the game (I was completely absorbed by it several years ago) but as a drummer it's a shame they've ignored this for so long (especially when their main competitor implemented it ages ago), and instead focus on stranger additions such as fills that don't let you be creative and count ins that while a cool idea will probably be something people get tired of before long."
"When I was younger and in school, I had a lot of time for games but very little money. I picked my games carefully so that I could get the most play time for my dollar.

Now that I'm in my mid 20s I have money but not nearly as much time. I can't always invest several hours a day into a game. When you say it's about ""money"" you're not wrong, but I think you may be neglecting the fact the demographics have changed a lot for the gaming community. Many gamers are older than me and have even less time due to families and other obligations so it makes sense to design games they can enjoy."
"Some of my screenshots from the final release version: 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/15539352@N02/sets/72157651623208219/

Edit: Imgur link: http://imgur.com/a/3Irlw

The game plays as good as it looks too. It is very well optimized! "
"This is perfect, it fits the sci-fi scene and isn't completely in your face. It would be weird, however, to put this in a medieval game without magic."
"So essentially they're a cool add on in Smash, but mostly just a stupid way to unlock on disc DLC in everything else.

I haven't bought an amiibo, I genuinely don't understand why anyone would. I am shocked to see people on reddit and twitter going mad for them."
"It really is a shame that some people view content being accessible as inherently dumbing it down. If you crave games with more niche mechanics, don't complain that they aren't being featured in triple A games. "
Collectible decent quality figurine that unlocks non-essential content in games? What's not understandable about that?
That is exactly the same with any card game. The real difference with hearthstone is that the cards themselves also have massive rng elements.
"I definitely appreciate the effort that went into these.  I've been playing a lot of Tie Fighter lately though and I have to admit I'm not sure that the total conversion actually looks better.  I'll definitely give it a shot, but for anyone out there who's taking their first try at these games I think I'd recommend starting with the CD originals."
"DLC in your old games never transferred. Look at where your songs are stored. IIRC all pre-RB3 songs are saved under RB1 files, RBN files are stored under RB2 files and RB3 and RBN 2.0 songs are under RB3 files.

My guess is that they'll just be tied to your PSN/XBL account which will be scanner or whatever when you pop in the new game. As much as I really want a PS4 between the two consoles, my extensive library is probably the thing that will get me to pick up an XBone."
Pretty much.  Nintendo has sold 9.5M Wii U's.. I think they're still a little cautious on how big their market actually is these days.  I can't blame them for being pretty satisfied with outpacing their expectations and not wanting to kill the golden goose via oversaturation.
"I don't think anybody doubts that EA will make a pretty Star Wars game, but they've yet to convince me that they will make a good Star Wars game."
"Harmonix are actually including a fans ""mod"" as such. This is a Rock Band 3 mod known as the Rock Band Harmonies Project"
"http://testyourmight.com/posts/1694580/

if you can't view testyourmight.

&gt;Unstoppable:

- Whatever meter Jason has is converted into HEALTH upon death at the end of 'round' (Hi Phoenix).

- Gains access to temporary HEALING buff.

- Gains access to temporary DAMAGE buff.


&gt;Slasher:

- Gains access to classic MACHETE weapon. Yes, it can be thrown. Hits mid, decent speed.

- Gains access to unique Slasher specific Kombos.

- Gains access to temporary ARMOR buff. When ARMOR is up Jason can NOT jump, &amp; when it runs out he's stunned briefly &amp; can be hit.

&gt;Relentless:

- Gains access to TELEPORT. It's very punishable if read. EX version is SAFE! :)

- Gains access to AUTO DEBUFF. Screen turns red, opponents INPUTS get REVERSED, they also can't 
DASH or RUN.

- Gains access to the same ARMOR buff as (Slasher) along with pro's &amp; con's.

&gt;P.S. Yes, the buffs STACK. And MACHETE gives Jason damn good range! "
"Morrowind still has my favorite quest system (post Tribunal). It made me feel like I was actually exploring the game, and forced me to pay attention to the dialogue, as well as my surroundings. It wasn't just a mindless Step 1. accept quest, Step 2. navigate to flashy thing."
"Not sure if this information was out there already, but the article mentions that there will be a total of 12 multiplayer maps (not including coop maps)."
Whenever anyone ever mentions Xcom and RNG you have to watch [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7X0Sd1hje30) 
"The official drum controller has had a second port on the back since at least Rock Band 3 (possibly since the RB2 drum kit, I'm not entirely sure) for adding another pedal. Since this is a completely different input, it allowed you to have one pedal down and operate the other one as normal.

What even weirder is in Rock Band 3 you could change the function to either have the second pedal act as a second bass pedal or as a hi-hat pedal. But they never commited to either. They never charted double bass, and while they tended to often chart open hi-hat as blue and closed hi-hat as yellow, the hi-hat pedal option only allowed you to open/close it to change how it sounded in drum fills/freestyle.

The fact the hardware supports it (and the software to a very limited degree) makes it even more odd that they still don't support double bass in the charting of the songs."
"Getting good is a JOURNEY, my son. You must seek out other scrubby pilgrims and travel with them.

/r/Skullgirls"
"Ever sonce GH2, Rock band was my go to. GH3 was good too. After that though, GH fell way down. Really glad Harmonix is sticking to their guns. Not that GH Live bullshit. 

Edit : typo"
"&gt;For singers, Harmonix hopes that Rock Band 4 will be the best karaoke game ever made. Not only will the vocal harmonies added in The Beatles: Rock Band return, but a dedicated group of the Rock Band fan community have gone back and authored harmonies for every previous song and handed it over to Harmonix. For free.

Goddamn, Harmonix!

That means that there was actual contact with the people behind the [Rock Band Harmonies Project](https://www.youtube.com/user/RBHarmoniesProject/videos), the group who custom made harmonies charts for previous older DLC (as well as try to fix pro drums on certain songs), and Harmonix asked if they could use the charts RBHP made for the next game.

That's certainly a bold move from them, as they could have just plopped the DLC into RB4 without improvements. Now we don't have to go through the tedious process of getting the custom DLC edits into Rock Band 3. It's finally official with Rock Band 4!

Aside from that and many other smaller questions about the game, my main personal concern is how they're gonna handle pro drums for people who own legit e-drum kits. I'm hoping they support the MIDI Pro adapter, but I'm thinking they won't, since Keys and Pro Guitar aren't coming back (and the adapter handled all three). It's unknown if they'll probably make an updated MIDI Pro adapter, but I hope they announce something detailed soon. I'm not pulling the trigger on the current adapter, but it's ultra cheap right now (well, the 360 version is $12 on Amazon) and I want to be prepared for RB4.

Damn, I can't wait for Rock Band 4 to come out!"
"Before anyone else decides to say ""That's such a small number of maps,"" Battlefield 3 launched with 9 maps, and Battlefield 4 launched with 10. On top of the 12 maps, the free DLC that will launch the month after the game releases will add two maps. 

Source: [MP1st article](http://mp1st.com/2015/05/04/12-multiplayer-maps-confirmed-for-star-wars-battlefront-will-cater-to-specific-game-modes/#.VUfF3PlVgy4)

Edit: Just for giggles, Battlefield: Hardline launched with 9 maps.

Edit 2: Went back, even Bad Company 2 launched with only 10 maps."
I never played The Beatles: Rock Band.. can you explain what Harmonies is and what it brings to the game?
Never in my life would I have expected the Rock Band Harmonies Project to get involved with and assist in RB4's development. That makes me really happy.
Each character has a ***very*** different playstyle (one of the things I love most about the game). Maybe someone else would be more your cup of tea.
"Let me remind people that, although previous Battlefront games had more maps, most of them were crappy. "
"Dude.  That is how ART is created.

When they made The Lion King, they brought in real animals.  Artists study what they are drawing.  They immerse themselves in it.  Seriously, this is how art is made.

The fact that they're flying their art team to LOOK and FEEL and TOUCH an area like sullust is amazing and awesome.

Sure, you could jsut slap some shit together, but LIVING  and BREATHING will make the map--visually at least-- deeply impressive.

Dude, this is how art is made.  Is it PR?  sure.  they are doing a good thing for the art team and they're showing off. 

&gt; I appreciate the design and aesthetics, but it has NOTHING to do with the gameplay.

You say that, but would you be happy if everything was featureless gray? 

You NEED all three:  good gameplay, good aesthetics, and good design.   Design is making sure each level is fun and unique.  Aestetics help each place stand out on it's own.  Imagine your favorite first person shooter maps and imagine how 'exciting' they would be if everything was simple polygons and gray.  A river doesn't matter--all that maters is that it hinders movement and creates chokepoints.  Roads versus buildings?  Places to travel versus places that you pass through

Hell, imagine how different a building can be.  wide open, full of furniture, brightly lit, dark andgloomy, well maintained, long destroyed.

Aestetics are important.  Design is important.  gameplay is important.

Right now?  they're talking about design because it's a big concern.  This is a franchise that people care about.  I am SO excited for battlefront because I am a huge star wars fan.  I want to run through endor and get shot in the head because I was too busy staring up at the leaves.  I want to miss a shot because a herd of womp rats startled me.  

One of my favorite BF4 maps was Paracel Storm.  If you don't remember, or have never played...this map takes place on a series of islands.  Sometimes, a big storm rolls through the map. It's not just 'yay rain"" ... the sky grows darker, then sirens start going off,  the wind rips and tears through the trees, the water gets choppy, and it... FEELS..  like a storm.  I mean, I grew up in Hawaii.  I grew up in Hawaii and I can remember the storms and how QUICKLY they could spring up, and how QUICKLY they would pass, and the fear that came with every hurricane.  Even after... oh, a hundred or so hours  of playing BF4, seeing that storm roll up never fails to give me the shivers.

And I want THAT in my battlefront.  I want to worry about the snowstorm on Hoth, or a duststorm on tattooine. 

They'll get to gameplay later, I promise.  

Edit:  Gold?!  Thank you Anonymous gilder!  You've made my day!"
Look at *Arkham City* for a good example of this (even though it still used constant 'go here' markers).  When you load up a save the game gives you slides of the past few things you did and what needs to happen next.
"No Naboo or Coruscant confirmed yet right? 
I admit it would probably be very hard to make the latter work."
"The quest log in D:OS went way too far in the other direction imo. It was vague to the point of uselessness. I didn't play for a week and came back having no idea what to do, so I just stopped playing. Haven't picked it up since. "
"Basically up to 3 people can now sing at once, with one person being the lead vocalist and singing Freddie Mercury's part for instance. The other two can sing as backup singers who harmonize like they do in the song. Not every song has harmonies available, only the songs that actually have backup singers anyway, and it works very well in songs like Bohemian Rhapsody during the opera part with 3 singers all doing different parts"
"They are also in Rock Band 3. You know when you hear multiple voices layered in a song? Those are harmonies. Harmonies in Rock Band means you can have up to 3 singers on three microphones singing the different vocal parts in the song. 

This is especially awesome in songs where there is a female and male vocalist singing back and forth."
"Pretty sure Naboo is entirely nixed since the Prequel Trilogy isn't making any sort of appearence, same for Coruscant."
"Option menus that allow players to customize their experience.

Dishonored did this very well.  You could completely customize how much information the game fed you.  Sure, the world and environments were significantly smaller than perhaps Skryim, but in principle they should all be able to function perfectly fine so long as the HUD customization is planned from the game's conception.

Sadly, Skyrim does it wrong.  It decides you can turn off the compass without adding the context that would make navigation feasible like it was back during Morrowind.  You can't just slap a feature on a game and then expect it to work right."
 The first thing the instructions say for Xwing and TIE is to download a file from a site that no longer exists.  
"If you've ever listened to music, you'll notice that when there are multiple singers they don't always sing the same tone. That's harmony, they make the vocals sound richer because it's a chord of voices.

In Rock Band, a harmony vocal part will allow you to gain extra points if your friends on other instruments jump in and sing the harmonies. (I gathered the scoring info from Google so I dunno if it's accurate.) They're entirely optional, though, so you won't be penalized if your friends song the wrong harmony note, as long as at least one person nails the lead note.

edit: [Here's a screenshot](http://imgur.com/DSUBLKh) from The Beatles: Rock Band. Notice the two vocal lines."
"&gt; How do you solve the issue of the once-a-week gamer?

I think there are certain games that simply aren't going to be accessible to everyone."
"It makes sense that your most involved players would be the ones that spend the most. But yes, they also seem to keep spending (or even spend more...) after the publisher/dev goes and does something shitty. That's the problem..."
"Why does everyone always say that Battlefront 3 will be Battlefield with a Star Wars skin, like the Battlefront series wasn't exactly that.

All of the fancy modes people want like galactic conquest and campaign were pretty much single player with bots matches. Space combat was mediocre at best, and gunplay was not as good as that from other shooters at the time. 

I'm happy that they're focusing on other stuff rather than trying to do some things half assed. Or at least I hope they do that. "
"Sounds good so far, but no news on the guitar side of things. I want to be modest, but I'm a fairly high-level player and it seems like the system works against me sometimes. I used to play Guitar Hero competitively, and Rock Band always had one little thing I never liked: an arbitrary timing system. The game dynamically chose how tight or loose your timing had to be based solely on the distance apart the notes were.  
  
So in a fast section of a song, you need to be more accurate than a slow section of the same song at the same BPM. 32nd notes at 200bpm have a significantly tighter timing window than 8th notes at 200bpm, which makes it unfairly difficult to play fast solos where in fangames (Phase Shift, Frets on Fire) or the Guitar Hero series, the timing is consistent throughout the song."
"you know you could always take a break...

I think the last thing we are all hoping for is less game."
Yeah for some reason a lot of people cry for the lack of content even though half the content in old battlefront games was quite mediocre. Both games don't hold up as well as other shooters from the same time. 
"XCOM got it wrong in a way though.  I love the game, but they really needed to get the visuals to match the game mechanics.  It makes sense on paper and as a game mechanic that there is no such thing as a ""sure shot"", but when your sniper misses by 3 feet on a ""95%"" shot, it really takes me out of it.  The game had other problems, like the terrible satellite and terror system, but as far as RNG goes, it was good design and philosophy, and not so good execution.  "
"Yeah, the games are all loosely connected (they are technically sequels, but they don't rely on each other). 

I think this could be considered a reboot in the sense that the New Order did away with the supernatural and only had the super-science."
"Because Battlefront, while a very blatant Battlefield clone in many ways, did enough differently by the second game to differentiate itself in a number of ways - and the new Battlefront seems to be much closer to the modern Battlefield games than the old ones.

Its not criticism, just an observation."
"Chances are your current Ion set will work :D

For cymbals you can buy *any* electronic cymbal set. Three pintech cymbals (and arms and clips...) may run you a bit more money, but they're a drastically better product. It'd probably be a bit cheaper than buying a new Ion set though!"
"BF3, BF4, and BF:Hardline also come with single player content. Titanfall shipped with 15 maps and that's MP only. 12 maps and no single player seems a bit lacking IMO, especially for $60."
"I hope they still have the real song fills as well. At least in RB3 (maybe 2 as well?) there was an option where the original song's section was played, just with a green hit at the end to activate if you want to, but as a bonus you didn't have to actually hit the section properly, which was a very useful tool to keep combos going during really tough areas in some songs. But nailing the real part of a song like that (instead of some random mashing or one of these fills) was a lot of fun."
They want to base it off Special Edition's success? Then why aren't they releasing physical copies in the west? 
"I've been playing Devil May Cry all day today and now I hear the possibility of a new DMC game? PLEASE let this be true but, as a big fan of the original series, I hope they expand or at least continue the story of the main series.

Yes, they're definitely not well written stories (with the third being the only one that comes close to a cohesive narrative with interesting characters) but at the same time, at least it'll answer questions or expand on things fans were teased with in DMC4. I remember hearing rumors that Dante was supposed to go crazy and submit to his demon heritage and kill Lady and Trish, which would lead to the ""serious"" Dante in DMC2, as its the last in the timeline.

Plus, Capcom seems to be distancing themselves a bit from DmC. All my hate of the game aside, they're releasing an art book of DMC with DMC 1-4 artwork and none of DmC. Plus with the release of DMC 4 SE and Itsuno possibly working on a new one? I'm guessing it might continue the original series or be in similar style.

Whatever the case may be, I'm glad Capcom is taking interest, if this article is to be believed. Let's just see where this goes and hope DMC4 SE sells well enough to convince them."
"We know they've cut the class system, galactic conquest, space battles, and many more things - and are apparently implementing stuff like aerial battles over ground maps (which was missing from II onwards), free form loadout customization, and other features shared with modern Battlefield games.

So, yeah actually. We DO know its going to be more similar than the older titles."
"Seriously a lot of people have rose tinted glasses on. Battlefront 1 and 2 had some amazing maps but a lot of them were also crap. Off the top of my head the most fun I ever had were:

* Hoth

*  Kashyyk  (seriously this NEEDS to comeback)

* Bespin platforms

* Genosis

* Endor

* Tantive IV but only because it was a cluster fuck of a map.

Other than that though the rest were very bleh. I even looked some up while typing this and I have horrible flashbacks to some. 

Honestly people are just jumping on the EA hate train because its the popular thing to do. Anyone expecting the same exact game from the past from a completely different dev is naive at best. I am holding out until I see some official gameplay first. "
"Yeah.   That was my favorite feature.   It's odd that they talk about making the game more creative, and then prescribe some fill for you.  Randomized, sure, but still from a stock of them.

Here's hoping for making it optional, because that's going to be a real bummer if it's not."
"Man, you were missing out.  I was jamming out solo's on Expert while people (Usually guys...Maybe once a woman) gave me drinks.  We had good times in college, good times."
"TFFAF was really only a true boss song on guitar (though it is still in RB3 DLC as the hardest song if you sort by guitar difficulty). True ""final boss"" songs (max difficulty all instruments) like Roundabout in RB3 (they say Llama as well which is probably harder on guitar but is super overtiered on vocals) and Panic Attack in RB2 are much harder to find. In the whole massive set of RB dlc there have only been a handful, and on disc each game there are at most 2-3 IIRC."
"&gt; with no real consistency in how they charted double bass in the same song, let alone across every other song that contains double bass.

Eh, I would say there is consistency. In the matter of the off foot kick (let's just say left kick), like you said, there are 2 options: skip it entirely or have the right foot do it. Their 'consistency' is that they would always get the right foot to do the left foot's work as well as long as it's reasonable, and if it's not, *then* to skip it. It's very evident in a song like [Prequel to the Sequel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHeYMVYfB8U&amp;t=2m04s) in the linked section where in a burst of 4 kicks that's meant to be done RLRL, the second kick (the 1st left kick) is omitted entirely where as the 4th kick (the 2nd left kick) is played by the right foot.

A really good drummer will be able to hit the burst of 4 cleanly and consistently with one foot (it's not too difficult actually). However, you're now looking at artificial difficulty since that's now actually how it's played. Conversely, omitting all the left kick notes would make the song easier (such as in [Day of Mourning](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Azn8xBIpBgI&amp;t=0m25s) linked here where there are triplet bursts being played with the kicks but in Rock Band, it's charted just as constant 8th note right kicks). It's another layer of complexity entirely that is being skipped over but it has to be since there's no reasonable way to play the true kick pattern with one foot.

Going the other way, at the end of [Give It All](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wb3rQpP2h84&amp;t=2m34s), the left kick is being played by the right foot in quick 2 kick bursts. It's easy enough that it can be done with 1 foot. It is adding a different aspect of difficulty that with 2 kicks isn't really ever encountered, but they know that it's possible and reasonable to chart it that way.

Having said all of this, the obvious way to go of course is for them to just properly put the damn 2nd kick in officially. I've been wanting it for a long time and even got one of the splitters way back when. There definitely reaches a point in Rock Band drums where both with the inaccurate 'missed note' system and with the lack of a second kick pedal, the difficulty caps out. You get to a point where difficulty comes in both inaccurate tracking and with artificial difficulty by fake charting (such as the gravity blasts in Visions being charted to played as single strokes... How the hell did they ever expect gravities to be played when gravity blasts aren't possible in rock band? The speed is possible to reach; I think the tempo was equivalent to 8th notes as 280bpm, but still... Artificial difficulty)."
I missed Bespin in the second game. That map was hilariously chaotic in the way it funneled the opposing teams into each other. 
"If they really cared/felt bad about low availability they wouldn't have made figures like Rosalina and Shulk exclusive to one single store.

They also would have accounted for pre-orders in production."
"My god r/gaming is leaking in this thread. Can no one be excited for a game made by a big publisher? I'm pumped, especially after hearing how genuinely excited the devs where about being able to work on the game. "
Exclusively on video game related devices.  You cannot play on a toaster. Or on a vodka.  Just computer-y type things.
"Been burned way to many times, big publishers have made me a cynical asshole with their over promising and marketing bullshit."
"And like all battlefield maps it's mostly open space.

Just because a map is smaller doesn't mean it's less detailed, or it took less effort to make"
"How in the HELL do you (and apparently 90% of reddit) know this game is gonna ""obviously be a Battlefield re-skin? Have you played it? Have you seen a legit gameplay trailer? As far as I am aware, none of that has been made available to the public. 

Why do people get too cynical about games that dont deserve it? Then overhype games like Watch Dogs and Destiny, which were clearly never gonna deliver on their promises. This game hasnt promised much, and has also given little real reason to be all bitchy about it. Just wait till its out complain. "
I very much doubt they'll allow license transfers between platforms. Neither Sony nor Microsoft want to potentially lose customers. It's in their best interests to lock you in.
"Fair enough, but nothing has been offered for battlefront to really hate about. Some numbers have been released and everyone overreacted because its not 2004 and you can't make 50 maps that are DICE quality in a reasonable time frame. Being skeptical until release reviews is one thing and is a good quality but just shameless 13 year old hating has been kept reoccurring any time battlefront comes up on this subreddit. "
I will continue to only buy Amiibos that I can get for MSRP on Amazon. It's up to Nintendo whether they want my business or not.
"[OMF:2097 is freeware](http://www.reloaded.org//download/One-Must-Fall-2097/136/)! Epic was only the publisher, the dev retained their ownership rights and put it out as freeware back in 1999."
I'm not hating I love the Battlefront series I hope they can pull it off but EA is hardly a reliable publisher. And history has shown putting faith in them is generally a terrible idea.
Capcom is allergic to success unless it's a series about fighting on streets or a game that was named quite literally after what you do in it (and sometimes ends in Ultimate or a G depending on where you live.)
"Said mode was added in a later update, solely to give Toad compatibly with something. Same thing with Link's spinner in Hyrule Warriors."
"Coming from somebody who farmed a mob that drops something with a chance of 0,01 percent for 3 years I really don't think your opinion matters much for Monster Hunter players. Or average people."
"Well, at least they didn't blow their budget hiring that lady who narrated the GTA V and Witcher 3 gameplay demonstrations. "
Or when a stack of axemen defeated my stack of tanks when all I wanted to do was bring Sushi to the Savages.
Same.  You had to actually use the map that came with the game.  The world felt so much bigger and full of undiscovered mysteries because of it.
"Skyrim had it, although the huge objective markers pasted over everything made that spell sort of useless.

http://elderscrolls.wikia.com/wiki/Clairvoyance"
"You have to remember that Harmonix is the guys who made the first Guitar Heroes it wasn't until 3 that Neversoft took over. So many people say the loved Guitar Hero 1 and 2, and were like ugh I hate Rock Band. But it is the same people that made it. 

I think most people really enjoyed Guitar Hero 1 and 2 and then they bought 3 over Rock Band because they enjoyed the last 2. When Reality Guitar Hero 1 and 2 were great and there ""sequel"" was rock band which continued the greatness. "
"The gameplay is the most important for an online multiplayer shooter like this. If they were making an immersive, explorative space colonisation RPG type game, with lots of downtime then that's fine, make your world atmospheric and beautiful.

For a fun multiplayer shooter, gameplay should come first. Games like Counter Strike, Dota 2 etc. are all classics despite the less than stellar level of graphics they have. You can still have a great time when turning all the fancy effects and textures off. For a multiplayer game the core game mechanics should come first, and making a beautiful and atmospheric environment should come second. 

Because really who wants to have a wonderfully recreated Hoth if the game is not fun and no one wants to play it."
"EA isn't making it, they're publishing it. They own the studio, but DICE is mostly autonomous. People act like EA oversee and micromanage everything in games they publish. At some point people need to realize developers are usually the reason a game is bad. 

Crysis, for instance. Crytek, of their own volition, decided to go for smaller maps in their sequel, which many people disliked, but it had nothing to do with EA. "
"to be fair, 3 was an amazing game. it was world tour or whatever its called where it really went downhill quick"
I liked Dead Space 3 as a action-shock horror game than an actual horror game. Playing co-op with a friend made it much more enjoyable but the whole thing really became a Third Person Shooter. It wasn't as good as the previous two but the expectation and belief that it was a absurd (in the God of War manner) action game made it much more enjoyable.
"Didn't know that existed. 

My biggest complaint was the lack of character customization in 3. My friends and I made some awesome characters in 2, and it was a real pain trying to remake them in 3, with the lack of stuff you could do.

I just hope the other games music can be added into 4, The best part of 3 was adding your music from 1, 2, ACDC, (don't know about Beatles and Green Day) into 3 and having shit tons more songs.  "
I'm angry at myself because I'm totally going to buy an Xbox One just so I can have RB4 with all my old Rock Band tracks.
That near orgasmic joy of the 10% RNGesus cross map non-gunslinger pistol crit that saves you from that mechtoid who's got a flank on Van Doorn.
"/r/Games is full of people who put a lot of stock into being on the bleeding edge of PC hardware and technology. Multi-monitor gaming, maxing out graphics options, high refresh rate displays, audiophile-grade headphones, high resolution textures, etc. We care about these things.

...unless it's a game we've preemptively decided we hate. Then fuck that PR garbage that means nothing. 

DICE boasts some of the best visual and audio design in the business. It isn't PR garbage; it's some of the most talented artists in the field being proud of the care they've taken to accurately realize arguably the biggest pop culture icon of the century. 

I honestly don't think it's possible to reconcile this subreddit's philosophy on maxing out games with the opinion that this stuff doesn't mean anything. It's pure hypocrisy, because people have already decided every aspect of this game is shit. I have no problem with skepticism towards EA or DICE, but when it extends to being dismissive about the passion of the artists I think it's bullshit. "
"If you were playing single-player as a vocalist (or you were the only one with a mic), would you be able to sing the harmony instead of the melody if you wanted? Similarly, would you be able to switch between the melody and the harmony if you felt like it?"
"Long division on paper should still be taught, because then the kid knows the concept behind division. Map reading is not so important, but what happens when you rely on your phone for navigation but you dont have a data connection?  It becomes vastly important, provided you have a map.

I think it depends on the game, Borderlands would not have been fun without map markers imo."
"Right?! As a drummer I feel like such a small feature would be so much fun. ""WE ARE SEX BOB-OMB 1234!"""
"So did it look like a SW skinned Battlefield, or like Battlefront?

Its all I have argued today, that we had no reason to believe it is just another Battlefield game. So whats your verdict?"
Somehow that small change makes it a lot closer to what people *expect* RNG to do (which is obviously far from what it actually does).
"If they are trying to get the stage kit to work, I'm pretty confident that they'll try and support the pro adapter (assuming they get backward compatible instruments working). Pro drums was the one non core thing they said they would keep."
"Yes and no, you could choose to pick harmonies on rock band three and sing solo and still get points, but if you picked the actual option ""solo"" it would only show lead singer."
"No, for a *competitive* multiplayer game, visual and audio fidelity should take a backseat in order to completely max out performance. In most other games, these two things are both very important. 

DICE makes multiplayer shooters that also happen to strive to be immersive and atmospheric. This is why the sound design in the recent Battlefield games is so fucking good. This is why the graphics in the recent Battlefield games can be very impressive on PC. 

It stands to reason that when they are making a game based on probably the most beloved film franchise of all time, they'd want to emphasize the fact that they've taken even more care in these areas they are already known for. 

They are not marketing this game to skeptical neckbeards on reddit. They are first and foremost showing Star Wars fans that they care about the material. "
"It's the illusion of 'randomness'.  If you take a coin, and flip it 10 times, and it comes up heads all 10 times, most people wouldn't say that's a 'random' distribution.  Yet, it's just as likely as getting heads-tails alternating 5 times, or 5 heads then 5 tails, or any other possible outcome.  Streakiness happens even in 'true' random data, but because our brains tend to look for and recognize patterns, we have difficulty accepting that because we keep seeing a completely coincidental pattern."
"I'm done getting hyped for games unless they come from actual developers I can trust. DICE and EA are not on that list for me and many other people, so of course we are going to be sceptical, especially when visuals are being hyped up so much, especially as no gameplay footage has been shown."
"1. The Battle of Jakku is being developed separately and is releasing a month after launch.

2. The Jakku maps are free for *everyone*, preorder or no. The only advantage you get by preordering is getting the DLC a week earlier."
"No Fast Travel really contributed to it as well. I think Skyrim would have been better if the carts at the stables were the only form of Fast Travel, but went to more locations (like Rorikstead or similar villages). That way no location would be more than 5 minutes of hiking from a cart-stop, but you are still immersed in the game."
Yeah the guy was pretty distracting. I was thinking more about [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2uthHbwcds) than the game for most of that video.
"Please, if you believe this crap, then you clearly don't know the company. They've been manufacturing supply and demand forever now. Not news here.

""Nintendo began orchestrating game shortages sometime in 1988. This was called ""inventory management"" by Peter Main, an executive in charge of public relations at Nintendo, but was really to keep the customers on a short leash. By limiting the amount of product available, Nintendo could keep the demand for the product high. The editor of one toy-industry journal noted that ""Nintendo has become a name like Disney or McDonald's. They've done it by doling out games like Godiva chocolates."" By design, Nintendo would not fill all of the retailers' orders and kept half or more of its library of games inactive and unavailable.""

via- http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:ALiFAIzrUkcJ:www.geekcomix.com/vgh/fourth/nesbad.shtml+&amp;cd=1&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=us

*Surprise surprise you can only access the cached version.*"
"DMC4 is actually one of the better voice-acted games in the series, despite having a ham and cheese filled dialogue like the rest of them."
"EA has been notorious for rushing games out, especially after BF4. I feel like because the game's development is only 2 years it will be pretty limited in features, which is apparent already. If they took 4 years to make a great fully scaled and featured battlefront it would be amazing."
Hope he's right. Don't want to be mean but I hope it serve a lesson to Netherrealm studios that going for the lowest bidder for contract work just bite you back in the ass. (I'm assuming this because no way they contracted High Voltage for their quality work)
"I didn't know about this and have to say that I don't find the idea very attractive. Sure, 90% attacks are very unlikely to miss, but 40% attacks are now even less likely to hit. The numbers become thus quite deceiving. If I have 40% to hit I expect to hit 40% of the time.

A 70% hit chance becomes 90% and a 30% hit chance becomes 15%. I'd much rather they just display the correct values. I wouldn't be so hesitant to fight with 60% displayed and I wouldn't be such a fool to fight with 40% displayed."
The best graphics for X-Wing and TIE Fighter is 320x240 with flat shaded polygons. Anything else just doesn't look right.
"It's nice to have your favourite characters on display. The DLC is a nice bonus, despite not even owning a Wii U..."
"Yeah, I remember a quest in balmora that the directions are basically ""follow the river to a bridge, find a rock, it's around here"" "
"Why? Their pedigree speaks for itself. It's six months until launch, keep your panties on. 

That said, E3 is five weeks away. "
A similar system was also in Bioshock Infinite. There was some key to press that showed the objective and made an arrow on the ground. Very helpful.
"I've come to realize that the most popular opinions on Reddit are such pessimistic circlejerks that it's hard to find any place on this site anymore that keeps things upbeat. I think it's great that they're doing all of this and showing their creative process- it's like a making-of documentary that used to come with special editions. 

It's absolutely crazy how easily swayed people are on Reddit- and I think a lot of it comes from people spending so much time here. You see the comments, the threads shared across hundreds of thousands of people and you start to feel at home here, so if a couple of popular opinions are negatively geared towards something, it starts a snowball effect and keeps going until people actually have the product in their hands and think for themselves.

I agree that it's completely ridiculous how much negativity is on this sub in general; the anti-console bashing, the hate for every single dev studio, and this hivemind that everything is shit until proven otherwise. I'm not even saying the op of this comment chain is bashing it hard, but I've seen nothing but hate geared towards Battlefront. I'm personally exctited for it, and I understand others have different opinions- but god damn can the general consensus just be that we're excited for something for once?"
"It wasn't just the swearing, old Dante would swear occasionally too. It was the perception that this new Dante was trying too hard to be cool or edgy. Everything he did just screamed that he wanted people to think he was a dark, brooding, mysterious person when really he was just a punk. 

And the story itself was cliched in some ways and stupid in others, what with practically stealing the Slurm factory episode from Futurama for a whole level, and trying to force these demons into a modern setting, it just either didn't make as much sense or didn't work as well for past DMC's."
"Yeah, I was so excited for that spell but I rarely ended up using it. It's pathing was a bit... questionable. Depending on the quest, the trail sometimes seemed to lead nowhere in particular. Other times, it would tell you to go through some door, then once you'd passed through and used the spell again it'd tell you to go back through it to the other side infinitely.

It was much more unreliable than the quest markers so I just ended up not trusting it at all.

Would have been a great in-lore tool for finding things in a big game world, but it was just poorly executed."
"To clarify, when you select ""Harmony"" you don't choose which parts, or how many players. All mics become active and at least one person needs to hit at least one of the tracks to get points. You can even use more mics/players than there are parts if you want.

So yes, a single person can select Harmony and sing whichever part they want, and also change the part they're singing throughout the song."
"... it's made by the developers specifically to promote the game they're creating. How do you suppose they should create it so that it *isn't* self-serving? Furthermore, *why* wouldn't they want to make it self-serving? Their goal is to get people to play the game. "
"Valve has been doing curated paid mods for years. Dota2 skins, TF2 weapons and hats, CS:GO maps. The main difference with Skyrim was that it was more open."
"I've spent a lot more time playing Hearthstone since they pushed out the phone version.  I've got to say, the word ""random"" in Constructed (i.e. ""Not the Arena"") usually translates to ""Don't play this card"" in my head.  There are exceptions, but they're usually in cards like Mad Scientist and Webspinner, where the question is less ""Will I get value"" and more ""What value will I get?""  Stuff like Madder Bomber just seems too risky for me to play.

I'm coming at this game as someone who spends too much time on Magic: the Gathering (seriously, check out my post history, it's kind of embarrassing). MTG is a very competitive game (or, at least, the people who want to spend time talking about it on Reddit are competitive about it).  Variance is *loathed* on the competitive scene, with the most expensive format in the game being dominated by a card that does nothing but reduce variance.  In fact, one of the most loathed sets in recent memory was so loathed because its signature mechanic increased variance (it was called ""Tribute,"" and let the opponent choose whether a creature would enter play with a stat boost or provide a different, one-shot effect.  The Tribute card widely regarded as best gave the opponent a choice between 1 big creature or 3 small ones with the same total stats).

I think that variance is a necessary evil in card games, but Hearthstone dives in *way* too deep.  There are cards in Hearthstone that make it legitimately difficult to make strategic decisions; hell, I won a game when my opponent's Crackle rolled the minimum amount of damage, leaving me at 1 life.  Hearthstone has all of these awesome opportunities to use variance in ways that paper card games can't because of their very nature--stuff like the guy whose Deathrattle summons a random 2-drop, or the guys who give out Spare Parts from a randomized list.  The problem is that Hearthstone goes so overboard on variance that some games are effectively decided by luck, and that creates random feel-bad moments for players.  I mean, what do you do when you lose to someone else's superior skill?  You buckle down and try to get better.  What do you do when you won because someone happened to get better RNG than you?  You just kind of feel shitty, knowing that you did everything right, but the game was lost because of factors that you had little to no influence on.

TL;DR: Hearthstone has opportunities to use RNG in ways that paper card games can't, but goes so overboard that strategy sometimes takes a backseat to luck, and that's the worst thing to lose to.

EDIT: Misspelling."
"You compare it to Battlefield several times, but does it *feel* like Battlefield? BF 3 and 4 always seemed really floaty to me and I didn't like them because of that."
"The ""Recent "" gamer in me says that it's not such a bad number, it's in line with the amount of maps you'd find in a multiplayer shooter nowadays. The ""Old-school"" gamer in me is crying, thinking about the number of maps BF2 (Edit: BattleFRONT 2) had. 

I suppose that we come back to a Quality Vs Quantity duel in the end."
"I enjoyed D:OS but the game practically required a walkthrough unless you felt like exhausting the dialog of every single character again and again.  I don't really care for over abundant quest markers, but divinity went out of its way to be frustratingly vague.

Now Pillars of Eternity.... This game does it right.  They pretty much give you every detail you need to know in the dialog, and the journal almost always sums it up well enough if you forgot or were just spacing out through the dialog.  

RPGs should take a note from pillars of eternity, it is a fantastic game that IMO really does questing right.  "
"Since we only watched the gameplay, not played it ourselves, it's hard to say.  You say BF3 and 4 were floaty....as compared to what game that isn't?  Just trying to get your perspective so I can give the right response.  How precise the aiming/movement is, or do you mean the feedback from firing / impacting against things?

I'll say it definitely looks less floaty than Battlefront 1.  I unfortunately missed out on Battlefront 2 so I can't relate in that regard."
"Not the swearing in itself. It's just that some exchanges seemed rather forced and awkward. Here's one [notable scene](https://youtu.be/G_2awzbZV0M?t=33s) that comes to mind. Adding to that, 'Old Dante' was a bit of a 'killer clown', as it were. Laid back with witty comebacks in 3 and 4 but deadly too. Didn't seem 'edgy' so much as he was carefree. The dialogue was leagues cheesier in 1 and Dante was a lot more serious in 2, but these were older games and I think that Dante as a character and a personality was still being explored.

His portrayal in DMC is more of a free spirit with a chip on his shoulder. He has a compassionate side but it's buried by an 'edge' that wasn't present to this extent in past games, and that didn't sit well with some players. "
Its good to see the lost is getting a buff. Literally any upgrade for him would be appreciated since hes just a nightmare to use unless you're a god at the game.
"It definitely feels like a new game, but with Battlefield inspirations.  It uses the Frostbite engine (along with Havok and a bunch of other icons I don't remember that were displayed at the end of the demo), so it's probably going to feel similar in some aspects.  The UI is a lot simpler, but the demo didn't show any manipulation of the menu such as a map screen to base off of.  The environment textures definitely feel like an upgraded BF4, but the lens flares and glare off shiny surfaces was definitely toned down (though not entirely absent)."
"I like the idea of GH: Live, like the FMV stuff is cool and all, but I suspect it'll get old fast. It won't have the staying power than RB will have (probabbly by design judging by activision's history)."
"There is time between the game going gold and actual release date. That is when day one patch gets made. The version on the disc is approved and considered playable, but the deadlines are very tight, so some things that weren't considered game-breaking during the approval process *may* get pushed to the day one patch."
[That amount does not include the free battle of jakku dlc which releases a few weeks later.](http://www.reddit.com/r/StarWarsBattlefront/comments/34uhvt/confirmed_map_amount/cqy66m2)
"Just a quick comment, the community was never going to take months to actually unlock the Lost or discover it existed. For starters, there are achievements that actually tell you he exists, which you can just go read on steam. Secondly, you only needed a few puzzle pieces, specifically the ones that actually showed the creature that killed you and the name of the character. So instead of 100's, there were like 10 pieces total needed. Not only that, we had, at the time someone datamined it, figured out three of them, in only a few days, which you can read about [here](https://np.reddit.com/r/bindingofisaac/comments/2lpv6b/puzzle_pieces_spoilers/) and see [here.](http://i.imgur.com/giTis5q.png) 

The process to actually unlock him is also really, well, dumb. Die to 4 enemies without restarting in-between deaths. Thing is, not all enemies are a guaranteed spawn. 

So the idea this was somehow ruined by datamining is totally overblown. Datamining saved us perhaps 12 hours of looking for puzzle pieces, and people knew the lost was a character who could be unlocked as long as the game had [steam achievements,](https://i.imgur.com/IFhqKEM.png) of which the Lost has several."
Cross platform multiplayer is very different from cross platform licensing. Imagine if you bought GTAV digitally on XBLA and then bought a PS4. It would be akin to expecting GTAV to be available to you on PS4 because you bought it on XBLA.
"Even if you spend a ton of resources on play testing it won't match the millions of people playing your game. There are very few games which are completely bug free. Day 1 updates would have also existed in the past as a lot of games in the past also shipped full of bugs. It exists now because the internet is readily available for most consumers. Honestly it is a good thing all things considered.

EDIT: better explanation "
"The thing is they are valves own games with closed systems for custom content, without ease of using your own custom skins, items etc.

Paid mods are never going to work because someone can turn around and make the exact same mod and release it for free, then it won't benefit anyone.

I don't see valve handling DMCA complaints either as the previous paid mod fiasco where one modder put up content for sale that wasn't their own - valve replied with a generic sort it out between yourselves and didn't want to know.

If/when the paid mods will return, it will end up like some crappy storefront like the appstores with floods of crap that no one will ever buy, Steam/greenlight is bad enough as it is at the moment with shovelware and it will only get worse. "
"No, Nintendo's [blue ocean strategy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blue_Ocean_Strategy), whereby a company pursues uncontested markets called 'blue oceans'. I'm not sure how that relates to this though, Nintendo's stock problems are a result of artificial scarcity."
Nothing is more immersive than driving slow as hell and being able to alter your course by 1 or 2 degrees!
"It's funny how people expect DICE to deliver the same amount of content a PS2 game had but with everything upgraded, like it is an easy thing to do.

Fuck quality, we want quantity! 

Give me 30 maps where only 5 are good! Give me a barebones campain like the BF2 one because nostalgia!"
"Thats exactly why you need to structure tournaments in a league style rather than single elimination.  No one does single hand elimination in poker, because that WOULD be luck based.  You play THOUSANDS of hands."
"Sadly, a more sinister reference to a [business tactic that's essentially a euphemism for creating your own little pet-monopolies.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blue_Ocean_Strategy)"
"I'd say closer to Halo or Battlefront 2, though it was hard to tell since we were watching, not playing, and thus had no perspective on the trigger delay.  The laser blasts seem to travel as fast as they typically do in most Star Wars games, though with the realistic slant they've put on this one it was probably quicker.  They didn't seem to ""explode"" on impact very hard though.  It's hard to rememver though, since it was a few weeks ago now.  May have been fine, but I do remember something stuck out at me in that aspect.  That's always bee a problem in a lot of Star Wars games though, in my opinion."
"With normal notes, the game can predict that you'll hit the note and cue the sound early, so that after the HDTV lag takes effect, it's on sync. With unpredictable fills, that's not possible."
"&gt; Actually I want quality gameplay and actual content. 

Have you SEEN the gameplay yet? Do you know about all the content that's going to be in the game yet? The game is six months away. For fucks sake, this sub is rotten."
"&gt;Quality Vs Quantity

This is really something people should keep in mind.

I've played Battlefront 2 on and off recently, and while some maps are iconic, there's not a lot *to* them. They're not very detailed, and some of them are just plain boring and barren (and surprisingly small).

If you've ever played a Battlefield game, you know how detailed and *huge* those maps can get, so I think they'll definitely deliver on quality."
"There was fast travel, just it was actually implemented in non-immersion breaking ways.

Like the silt strider and mage portals.  At least there is a reason why you can fast travel and you cant do it from just anywhere.  Where as skyrim I can just teleport in the middle of a field to a major city.

Such a shame, but in a capitalistic society I don't blame them, shiny the graphics and  dumbing the game down sells more copies and Skyrim is perfect proof of that."
"&gt;Not some gorgeous yet tiny map with less gameplay 

You have *no* indication that this is the case, where are you even *getting this from?*

Have you ever even played a Battlefield game?!"
"[Part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6KnQl-wbccI)  
[Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qwh7A0aZkrs)"
"Exactly like most tv series show a ""previously on whatever"", easy and I can't believe more story games dont do this"
One should note that it may not be entirely EA's decision either. I'm sure that there was pressure from Disney to have the game release with the movie.
"&gt;No split-screen (PC)

Wow, a whole .5% of people would have used it, so sad.

Very few games have split screen on PC. People who are using this against the game are *just* looking for things to knock it for.

&gt;No campaign

... which is being replaced by a new gametype that we don't know anything about yet that could equal or even *better* the originals (which wouldn't be hard to do because those campaigns were actually really, *really* weak).

&gt;No Galactic Conquest

I'll admit this is a bummer, but it's not a game breaker. I didn't *just* play Battlefront for a game of brokenly easy space-chess.

&gt;No Instant Action

Similarly to campaign, there will be something in its place instead that could be very promising. Why don't we just wait and see before getting out the pitchforks?

&gt;No space

And, in its place, we'll have in-atmosphere battles that will coincide with what's going down on the battlefront below. 

Yet another feature we should keep our eyes on and not just call ruined because it's not the exact same thing.

&gt;Only GCW era

I personally prefer the GCW era myself, but if they think it's within the game's best interest to focus solely on making the Rebel/Empire era awesome, then I'm on board. Again, we need to wait and see.

&gt;Reduced Player Count

This is a game balancing decision, and since we haven't yet seen the game, we do not yet understand this decision. People who play Titanfall have said that the player count makes the game very, very fun. My own experience is that 32 player servers on Battlefield is usually where the most fun can be had, while the 64 player servers, while also fun, aren't as great due to oversaturation of players.

tl;dr There could be good reasons for these changes, there could also be bad reasons for these changes. The fact is, we just *don't know* yet, and we need to wait as a collective to get angry *when we actually know things* instead of when we like to think we know things."
"Which reminds me:  We need songs from the Scott Pilgrim soundtrack for Rock Band.

Garbage Truck, Threshold, and We Are Sex Bob-Omb, at a minimum."
"That sort of complaint boggles the mind when it comes to a fighting game.

it would be like me saying Micro and memorizing what units did what in starcraft felt unnatural when first starting the game. 

You have to learn that shit and practice. Getting good at a fighting game is work."
"Yea Ed is a little delusional when it comes to the lost I think.

It wasn't ever gonna take months or years to figure that shit out. And most of the dumb ARG was finished anyway, he continually ignores that point and only highlights the dataminers saving people maybe an hour or two.

The character is a shitshow of unfunness to play regardless of what he says. It will still be a shitshow of unfunness even if it has all the dice items. 

Fuck the Lost, don't buff him just take him out and change how his drops are unlocked so the people who don't want waste their time on a poorly designed (That's right Ed, poor design, not good design) and not fun character don't have to.

"
"&gt; The character is a shitshow of unfunness to play regardless of what he says. It will still be a shitshow of unfunness even if it has all the dice items. 

Character is fine if you do him asap, that is, with the smallest item pool. Seeing as only a few items actually make him easy, unlocking him asap means you get more gnawed leaves or dead cats and less Sampson chains and Judas's shadows. "
"It was a really poorly designed ""ARG"" that they tried to pass as a ""hundred dollar steak"" that unlocks a poorly designed character. I think Ed and company put too much stock into ""trolly"" nonsense. "
It's on a rail because the AT-AT is the objective of that game mode. Making it controllable would fuck the game up. It's like Making the Titans in 2142 controllable. Or the Carriers in BF4. Or letting any asshat on your team pick up the MCOMS in rush and put them wherever they'd like.
"&gt;... which is being replaced by a new gametype that we don't know anything about yet that could equal or even better the originals (which wouldn't be hard to do because those campaigns were actually really, really weak).

They said we're getting essentially multiplayer maps with AI bots and specific objectives... this sounds exactly like Battlefront 1 and 2's campaigns... I'll never understand this complaint."
"Yeah, people criticize DICE a lot but honestly, I thought Battlefield 4 was pretty damn great. I'm sure Battlefront will be pretty good gameplay-wise, including some great map design, I just want to see if it's worth $60."
"Wait, you mean the High Voltage, as in the same assholes who botched the ports of ZOE 1 and 2 to XBOX 360 and PS3?"
"According to the wiki BF2 launched with 13 maps, so the ""Old-School"" gamer in you can hopefully stop crying.
(On ipad so I can't do a fancy link:)
http://battlefield.wikia.com/wiki/Battlefield_2#Maps_and_Gametypes"
I don't know why you say DICE is autonomous. There is absolutely nothing to indicate that their relationship is different than any other publisher and subsidiary developer. You're going to need to provide proof.
"The reward isn't worth the effort. Unless you're insanely good and lucky, you'll be losing hundreds of times just to beat the game once as The Lost. I lost all interest in the game after 700 losses and only managing to see the Womb a couple times."
"That's so horribly wrong that I don't even know how to respond. XCOM, much to everyone's displeasure, *uses entirely fair random number generation.* So many people, yourself included, just wanna go ""hurr you'll never hit 10% chance shots!"" and, no shit, you're not gonna hit those shots because NO PLAYER TAKES THEM! Why in the fuck would you attempt a shot that has such an obscenely low chance of hitting!? Even the ALIENS don't do that! They opt for grenades or special abilities when chance to hit becomes too low. Just like, get this, a *rational* player. If all you ever do is use guns, and only guns, in XCOM, you are playing the game wrong and deserve to be screwed by the RNG. You're blatantly ignoring game mechanics to bolster hit chance, or otherwise go for guaranteed damage. 

I'm pretty sure I've missed every &lt;20% chance shot in XCOM in the years I've played it. Not because RNG is an asshole, but because I believe I've only ever taken low odd shots maybe *three* times. It is not something you ever want to do, should expect to do, or want to get into a situation where it's a necessity. "
"they were not the developers of Lost Planet, they developed Lost Planet 3, which was by far the absolute worst of the series. capcom developed the first 2 in-house and there was a vast quality difference. Spark was frankly an awful developer and the only game they made that's worth its salt was an expansion pack to Call of Duty called Finest Hour. otherwise they made turning point, which sucked, legendary, which despite a great concept also sucked, lost planet 3 and yaiba which were both the worst of the series.

not exactly a big loss, they never made a good game."
"even if you're good, it sucks to be limited to not getting hit at all.  I can consistently get to the end of the game on most runs, shit, I even beat mega satan the 1st time I faced him, but still, the only achievements I never got in the original game were the don't take damage for a whole floor achievements, so the lost is basically impossible for me.  I think my streak was like -150 before I stopped playing when all I had left to do was lost :s"
"That's kind of what I've been saying. I don't doubt Disney reps sat down with EA 2 years ago and said, we need the best Star Wars game you can make to launch on this exact date. Battlefront is insanely popular, make that. 

EA turns to DICE. Battlefront is like battlefield. You guys make it. You've got 2 years. Make it pretty. "
"I'm more surprised that they were still around, sucks for the people who lost their jobs but they never made any good games, all their games were pretty crap, except for maybe Call of Duty Finest Hour. 

Also OP your title is misleading as they weren't the developers of the Lost Planet series, only Lost Planet 3, which I heard wasn't terrible but it wasn't anything great either. "
"I just lost all my saved data today. 

I have always loved Mortal Kombat and MKX is the only game I've purchased on release in years (along with Smash for WiiU), but this definitely will prevent me from buying anything by Netherrealms again unless it's in a sale."
I wouldn't say absolutely.  It definitely has a familial relationship to it.  But to go so far as to say it's a reskin or a mod?  No.
"[Well then I guess you're going to die happy.](https://youtu.be/4WTO-cT5XvE?t=10s)

It is worth noting though that this is an RBN song, so it will be one of the last of the legacy DLC to be ported over to Rock Band 4."
I never heard of Boston until RB1 (not my generation lol). The first time I ever heard Foreplay/Long Time was when I played it. There's nothing like hearing your favorite song the first time *and playing it* in rock band. Greatest feeling ever.
That's the whole point. It's not like The Lost is the only playable character. Beating the game with him should be very difficult.
"this is probably a really unpopular opinion but i always felt the old battlefront 1/2 controls were floaty, the camera was always lagging behind and i felt like the characters were kinda sliding instead of walking. It's been a long time since i played it myself though so i dont know, i might have to revisit it. And to me the battlefield controls felt pretty damn solid. Also an even more unpopular opinion : i never understood why battlefront was so insanely popular, personally i loved the jedi knight games alot more and jedi academy had the Movie Battles II mod that made it into what i wanted battlefront to be."
"One of litlihs line makes me cringe. ""The world is you bitch, as am I"" or Mundus owning the president (eye rolling shit) and controlling the world through debt.

My personal favorite ""my dick is bigger"". Seriously Virign? Your dick is bigger?! Who the fuck wrote this and thought it was good? 

They also tried to make Dante too cool which really made him look like a douche instead. Oh yeah, let's fuck two strippers and drink 666 liquor, so fucking cool and hardcore."
"I had so many problems enjoying XCOM:EU, but the last straw was when a bunch of brutes charged through a well-protected trap I had set. One of my grunts missed a point-blank reaction shot and got mutilated, and my sniper missed a &gt;95% shot. Then my toughest soldier was one-hit from across the map while in cover.

I could probably forgive the RNG if the game didn't use its insanely stupid terror system to punish difficulty with more difficulty, and if stopped encouraging save-scumming every time something hits the fan, but that was all enabled by the RNG anyway. I don't have patience for games with that kind of masochism."
My issue with rockband was the guitar wasn't as responsive as the guitar hero guitar.  I could play everything on expert on guitar hero and I would playtthe rockband stuff correctly but get errors all the time.  I just got frustrated and quit. 
"Eventually I started playing The Lost like I'd already lost.

If there isn't a treasure room immediately adjacent to the spawn room, or if said treasure room contains a bad/mediocre item, I reset. Typically if you don't immediately get a top-tier item on The Lost, you're not going to be able to do much, and even when you do it's hellishly difficult."
Makes sense. E3 is a very expensive cost if you want to make a splash and that's the only reason to do so. Sega has bigger fish to fry especially as it considers whether or not it will even continue in the game pub/dev business. 
"Just for clarification, not all alt floors will be burning. That's just an example for the Cellar/Basement.

Just imagine the Womb/Utero alt. Ugh. I'm looking forward to this update.

Also, the Lost getting spectral tears is not only an almost necessary buff, but a pretty good addition to lore because it is a ghost. So of course not only itself but it's tears could pass through things. Simply spectral tears and maybe a Joker card could be a big time buff."
"Or the current gen ports of Saints Row IV, which lacked effects like ambient occlusion *that the original console versions had.*"
"That list is half accurate. Whoever made the wiki duplicated maps in the BF2 and BF1+2 category. The actual list (which I borrowed from /r/StarWarsBattlefront) is:

* Coruscant: Jedi Temple
* Dagobah: Swamp
* Death Star: Interior
* ~~Endor: Bunker~~ (BF1)
* Felucia: Marshland
* Geonosis: Dust Plains
* ~~Hoth: Echo Base~~ (BF1 repeat, but with significant changes)
* ~~Tatooine: Mos Eisley~~ (BF1 repeat)
* ~~Tatooine: Jabba's Palace~~ (BF1 DLC repeat)
* ~~Kamino: Cloning Facility~~ (BF1 repeat, but with significant changes)
* Kashyyyk: Beachhead
* Mustafar: Refinery
* Mygeeto: War-torn City
* ~~Naboo: Theed~~ (BF1 repeat)
* Polis Massa: Medical Facility
* Tantive IV: Interior
* Utapau: Sinkhole
* ~~Yavin 4: Temple~~ (BF1 repeat)

That's 11 brand new maps, 2 heavily modified BF1 maps, and 5 maps directly ported from BF1."
"You can turn the drum fills off in RB3.

The section where they would have been can't be failed and doesn't score but keeps the original drum ""notes"". Overdrive still activates when you hit the last green cymbal at the end."
"MKX licensed the driver from us - we're in the credits and everything!

And... there may be one more coming."
"That was when I learned High Voltage was a shit studio. When your port doesn't look much better than the previous gen and STILL constantly drops frames, you're shitty at doing your job."
"Yeah, I don't think he needs a buff. If Ed wants to buff him, that's fine, it's his game, but I don't think it's a problem that the secret character is very difficult to play as."
"This sub has really gone downhill lately, it was a slow decline over the past year but in the last few months I hardly even come here cus it's rare to see discussion I'd like to be a part of or even read. I was in some threads yesterday and thought for sure I had it set to controversial - nope, best. Well fuck me. "
Don't play as the Lost then. He's designed as a super challenge mode that you have to go out of your way to even unlock. There's a reason RPG is considered 111% completion.
"Saints Row IV was a very special example though in that it looked *worse* than the last gen version. Worse filtering, no ambient occlusion, no antialiasing. Uncapped the framerate but it still didn't run at 60."
"I'm down. Don't care if it's NES style or Metroidvainia, as long as it's not God of Blah-style, I'm down for Castlevania's Might Number 9."
"I've been dying for a castlevania game for a long time. It won't have the name, but hopefully it has that feel. "
"I get ya, I like that they made Jason a mindfucker and a brute. He's like a snake in a bears body. They could have just used his slow walk about but I don't think it would be as brutal or terrifying "
"It's probably easy to get away with making a spiritual successor to Castlevania since so many of its enemies and characters are generic monsters (skeletons, bats, medusa heads) and public domain characters (Death, Dracula). Curious to see what IGA does about the new protagonist, though. "
I hope this is what I think it is. Konami completely ruined Castlevania by turning it into God of Shadow of the Colossus. Iga doing his own thing again excites me more than you can imagine.
"[Little sneak preview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBZj4Z3bfJU)

(This is from the ""modders"" talked about in the article)"
"Or you could just, y'know, not use it. You have that option. My mother, an avid gamer, loves being able to fast travel around in Skyrim and Fallout (her favorite games), since often she can only play them for twenty or thirty minutes at a time. She can pop in, accomplish something substantial, and then quit. Meanwhile, I haven't fast-travelled since 2013. Different gamers have different things they want to get out of their games."
"&gt;If there isn't a treasure room immediately adjacent to the spawn room, or if said treasure room contains a bad/mediocre item, I reset. Typically if you don't immediately get a top-tier item on The Lost, you're not going to be able to do much, and even when you do it's hellishly difficult.

The devil room on basement II is another major make-or-break point. Even so, all of my Lost wins only got powerful in the Caves and Depths. "
"Too bad about this part though:
&gt;Harmonix says it found most Rock Band [drum] players to be thrown off by the old system’s completely free-form fill sections

Who?! Who was thrown off by that?! Not drummers, thats for sure. Also, there was an option to turn off the free-form, so I'm not seeing a problem. Hopefully free-form is still an option.
"
"I chose whip. Because why wouldn't you choose whip? I'm interested in whatever Igarashi's going to do. An Inafune style Kickstarter seems the obvious direction, and he's certainly not trying to pretend this isn't Castlevania.

EDIT: I'm in the Iron Flail Clan apparently and IGA's decided to call me Gremory the Guilty. The fuck is this?

[That sounds promising.](http://i.imgur.com/7OJhAtE.png)

[I'm beginning to wonder if these messages actually have any bearing on whatever this is.](http://i.imgur.com/iwFqTHj.png) Promising a 3D game seems... ambitious."
"The only thing they honestly can't do is the Belmont clan, and maybe SOME of the more unique enemies, but like 99% of castlevania enemies are commonly seen in mythology or horror.

That's not even a worrying point either. Some of the best CV games have had non-belmonts as the protagonist. "
"Well its not like the games overall feels were *that* different. Big battle ground, conquest style objectivs, lots of vehicles and different classes. I mean, they literally named it Battlefront because it was similar to Battlefield games in alot of ways.

People are ridiculous for all the shit they are saying about this game already. "
"That's the nature of the game. The first 100 hours will be a constant barrage of new stuff each time. You unlock new items, bosses, floors and characters constantly by making it further and further."
"Yeah, like anything, a lot of people are looking for something to hate on.  (though with EA/DICE recent track record, not totally unwarranted)  All we can hope for is more gameplay footage relatively soon, and actual playable demos to answer a lot of these questions.  Patience, really.

Overall my impression is that I'll definitely have fun with this game with my friends as long as it works.  I'm not going to get hung up on whether or not it lives up to it's predecessors or another game.  It's Star Wars, the sights, sounds, and music are one hell of an epic atmosphere.  And this game will definitely show that off.  They pimped some sort of Dolby surround system they had in the demo room (even had a Dolby rep there), so this game is definitely going to be the most impressive Star Wars game from a visual and audial perspective than any other one before now."
"They made 2 of the worst games I've ever played, Legendary and Turning Point, but I thought Lost Planet 3 was decent. The gameplay wasn't particularly great, but the writing was good enough for me to follow from start to finish. And it's a 10 hours game, so that's something. I hope those who are laid off find a job for themselves."
"Oh, so I guess Koji Igarashi just wanted to make more Castlevania games...

...You know, I think I'm starting to see a pattern. Anyone wanna place bets for what Kojima will do post-AAA game development?"
"BF4 is an *incredible* game right now. Major bugs have been squashed and DICE LA are still pumping out updates and patches. 

Granted, EA is likely incredibly interested in quality with Battlefront on the radar this year. It's a major endeavor, and likely the game- breaking server side issues Battlefield3/4 suffered at launch will be a non-issue come November. I can't help but feel the quality of life improvements to BF4 are only tests for Battlefront's launch at this point. 

Is this just the cynical consumer in me talking? Likely. "
"Day what you will but Lord of Shadow was one of the best 3D Castlevanias, if not THE best. If they had followed Team Ninja's method with Ninja Gaiden, it would have been even better."
"He left Konami because of their growing focus on ""social"" games.

He's been pretty vocal about wanting to make more CV titles.

"
"&gt; especially as it considers whether or not it will even continue in the game pub/dev business.

Considering they went out and bought a bunch of IP/developers, like Atlus (Persona), the Warhammer license (Games being developed by Creative Assembly, the Total War makers), etc. I sure as hell hope they are sure they're going to remain a publisher."
I voted for sword because I like Castlevania for the -vania in Metroidvania and to me that means SotN which has a lot more swords than whips.
"&gt; Paid mods are never going to work because someone can turn around and make the exact same mod and release it for free, then it won't benefit anyone.

That's like saying games will never work because someone will make the same thing and release it for free.

The reason this doesn't happen is because it's a significant investment of time and money.  Mods aren't like this, yet, because they've been starved out financially.  But a popular mod could gain traction to offer an unparalleled experience."
"No one in this thread is shadowbanned. 

Short and low effort comments are removed in /r/games, so comments like

&gt;[And nobody was surprised](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Re72di5phM0)

or

&gt;Acquisition by Nintendo. Calling it now. 

were removed."
"It wouldn't be a problem if he wasn't required to unlock some items. If The Lost was meant as a last unlock and a final challenge to players who had unlocked everything else, I'm sure he would've been received far better than he was. Most people dislike the character because it's a pain to slog through the game on a challenge character to get the unlocks. Of course, that's the nature of the game, but not every player is on board with that."
"I really like how the video asks for your age before letting you watch it, but decides to auto play before you've even done anything. That's really annoying that you have to put in your age to pause the video or do anything. It shouldn't autoplay it."
"Sega could very well pull a Nintendo and do a "" Direct "" sort of thing. Cost alot less and you can set it up for whenever you want."
"The article links to RPS where an actual survivor of the siege of Sarejevo comments on it and the devs reply back.

Here's the original comment:

&gt; Well, as someone who has actually lived in the besieged city (Sarajevo), I can tell you they’ve portrayed some things accurate, others not so much. First of, judging by some of the pictures in the background during loading screen (UNIS Tower and Parliament, you can see it here: link to en.wikipedia.org), Sarajevo was definitely inspiration if not the place.

&gt; Stuff was indeed made from junk or re-purposed from other, less useful things. Most valuable commodity was not alcohol but flour, coffee, beans, powdered milk. If those were not available, people made their own substitutes. Lentil instead of beans. God, I hate lentil. All kinds of things instead of coffee. I remember my father bringing me a can of Pepsi. I looked at that thing for a week before opening and drinking it, all the while feeling sad because it was gone. There were no drunk people in those days.

&gt; Other completely unrealistic thing in this game is the night time scavenging. People did not break into houses to steal stuff. First, there was curfew in effect, and you would be liable to get shot by your own soldiers thinking you are the enemy. Second, this game portrays people as getting colder and more selfish as the time went on. It was exactly the opposite. Everyone shared everything. People helped each other in ways they would never do today. Notion that someone stole or killed from others is laughable. You have people on the hills shelling you with up to three thousand shells per day, trust me, breaking into someone’s place is the last thing on your mind. You need help. You ask, others will share. Plus, police was more effective in those days then they are today.

&gt; To conclude, this game is a different view on war. There are some mostly accurate parts. Most of it is missed by a mile. Good job on trying, but until you’ve lived through such a thing yourself, you’ll never know what it truly means to be caught in such a situation. I truly hope no one else ever does.

The replies from the devs:

&gt; Hi,

&gt; it’s Kacper, one of the game designers. Thank you for sharing your thoughts. We’re aware that the game doesn’t accurately portray the situation in Sarajevo, but it was never the intention. Sarajevo was one of the inspirations, but not the only – other include Chechnya, Kosovo or Warsaw after the Uprising. Unfortunately not everywhere people can count on the others like it was in Sarajevo, but we did our best not to focus exclusively on the cruelty, but to show the solidarity as well (for example it’s reflected in the premise of the game, which lets you control the whole group).

&gt; In a way we combined our knowledge about varied real events in one fictional story, where the siege escalated more than in Sarajevo, to the point of an anarchy. So the goal wasn’t to be accurate to any particular historical conflict, but to create a scenario that is probable, taking into account the means specific to the medium.

&gt; But at the same time I’d like to think that what we’ve depicted in This War of Mine is a worst case scenario…

&gt; All the best,

&gt; Kacper Kwiatkowski

And finally:

&gt; Thank you, Revan, on behalf of This War of Mine team – I’m one of its members.


&gt; While the siege of Sarajevo was the most obvious inspiration behind the game, it was not the only one. We also drew on our grandparents’ experiences during the II World War (the Warsaw Ghetto uprising of 1943, the Warsaw Uprising of 1944) and many, many other sources.

&gt; So while This War of Mine is inspired by all these events, **it does not try to portray any single one of them**. In this instance, the biggest differences between the siege of Sarajevo and the situation in This War of Mine are twofold. In Sarajevo the order in the city was maintained by the legal authorities – here the rebels are defending the city against the army and are hard pressed to maintain the control of it, let alone police the streets. And while the Sarajevo citizens were brought closer together because the divide between ‘us’ and ‘them’ ran generally speaking along the front line (I know it’s a terrible oversimplification) , in This War of Mine the divide can very well run across neighborhoods and even some families, because some people support the government, some support the separatists and the majority doesn’t support either and just wants the war to end. Hence the general mistrust and less cooperation – especially between strangers. Finally, please note that members of the local community (the neighbors in the game) do try to help each other and cooperation is rewarded.


&gt; Once again thank you for your insight. It’s invaluable to us."
"Love this game! The individual chapters all have very strong stories associated with them. Specifically my favorite ones are 2, where you search for Mustafa and the hidden desert palace, and 7, where you venture to the far corner of the frozen tundra and reach the other-worldly crystal palace. This game is easy for newcomers to pick up, but it also has great challenges and powerups that can be mastered by skillful players (the infinite jump boots!). All of the optional quests and characters are great and memorable. It has a great cast of sidekicks and memorable bosses. 

I can only speak objectively to a certain extent because I've had this game since I was very young, but it is an excellent game and something that everyone can easily sink time into for a great experience."
"&gt;He was designed to require an absolute perfect run

Which means spending more time resetting to get Dead Cat, to realistically have a chance at beating it, than actually playing the game.

&gt;the Lost is a secret ultra-challenge character you have to go out of your way to unlock

But in reality 7 items are locked behind him. Unlocking things in the game is the main reward driver. It's the ""leveling up"" in an RPG. It's the ""victory"" screen in a moba. It's objectively the ""addiction factor"" of the game. Having 7 unlockables behind a ""secret *ultra-challenge*"" is more ""in my way"" to actually completing the game.

&gt;He's meant as a way to challenge even the most hardcore Isaac players

Then let the reward for those players be the challenge. For the type of player you're describing the catharsis the challenge brings will be more than enough to satisfy them. For the rest of us our game is really stuck at 95% completion. It's a romantic idea for some games but in a game where unlockables drive the player it's not *really* 111% completion, it's just the normal 100% and anything under isn't."
"It's a shame that there hasn't been a proper Mario RPG in ages. Mario and Luigi is a great series, but I don't feel like it properly scratches the itch. Nintendo should just talk to Squeenix about making a real sequel to the first one.

As far as traditional Mario RPGs go, both of the Paper Marios are great, but its been too damn long. TTYD was 11 years ago!!!

Also on that note,  Super Paper Mario was an okay game, but Sticker Star was an ungodly abomination."
"After messing around for a bit I found out a couple things.  
  
--**clans**--  
Picking the same weapon consistently will eventually place you into a clan. [Picture](http://imgur.com/Y6S5ju8)  
  
Picking the opposite weapon afterwards will get you kicked out of your clan. [Picutre](http://imgur.com/6uycIRq)  
  
Of course you can always get back into your clan or join one of the others by picking the same repeatedly. [Picture](http://imgur.com/X1zBpUY)   
   
Once you join a clan you appear to battle? other clans.   
[Pic 1](http://imgur.com/TFfpkaE)  
[Pic 2](http://imgur.com/sBNEpJT)  
  
According to this message the battle is for GLORIOUS TREASURE.  
[Picture](http://imgur.com/y5BVnLE)  
  
Who knows how much significance any of this has. (Likely none, but a man can dream)   
   
--**Misc**--  
After voting enough times you get a nickname, I got Ipos the Indolent, Igacula's hard to please :| .  
  
[Lots of Misc Flavor Text as well](http://imgur.com/JFHq0cj,Ec9rszo,hHMI1I0,FHtXb2b,BkrJrQ5#0) "
"I think it might be referring to the other players in the room...?

When my friends and I used to play RB3 in person, I loved to drum, but my rhythm kind of sucks. So when I would screw up, it would throw off the other players. And if I tried to improvise [something...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpzDIMzt1Qo&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=5s) "
"Sticker Star was the worst. No unique levels, no sidekicks and no reason to fight enemy's! I have no idea why it got so many high scores from reviewer! "
"So happy to see this as a discussion topic! Still have fond memories of playing these games.

Cannot recommend the first and the second in the series enough. The Thousand Year Door might be more accessible, as it looks and plays significantly better than the 64 version, but they are both great. I haven't played the 3rd or the 4th in the series, but from what I have read it seems like they made a lot of divergences, usually for the worse.

The strength of these games is how many polished they are in every regard. The story, while fairly cliche overall, excels in delivering individual vignettes for each chapter. One might have you solving a murder-mystery on board a train, another has you working your way up the ranks to become the next best pro wrestler. There's a ton of variety in the settings, which helps to maintain interest over the (fairly-long) playtime.

The gameplay is simple enough for anyone to learn, and has many areas that can be mastered. It achieves a nice mix by combining real-time elements with largely turn-based combat. While completing the main quest is not hugely difficult, there are several side sections that require a mastery of skills to complete.

Speaking of side content, there is a TON. Each game has a hub, with side quests, arcades, stores, kitchens, dojos, fortunetellers...the list goes on. Part of what makes all this content worth doing is the fantastic dialog. These games are seriously funny, and are littered with Nintendo references from all over the map. Adding to this is the huge cast of companions, encompassing a broad range of Nintendo favorites, and some surprises. 

If I had to name a weakness for these games, it would have to be the sections where the player controls princess peach in the second game. These sections are essentially playable cutscenes, but last 5-10 minutes, and mostly require the player to do nothing but press A. It's a major step down from the first game, which allowed you to explore the world (partially), and collect items to aid Mario. 

It's things like the first and second Paper Mario games that ensure I will be a lifetime Nintendo fan. Creating a crumby spin-off of a popular series is an easy cash-in, but it's clear that a lot of care and thought went into these games. Even if the ""Mario Universe"" didn't exist prior, almost nothing in the game would feel out of place.

Now all Nintendo has to do to get me to buy a Wii U would be to release a proper sequel to The Thousand Year Door...


"
"You could never seed the final one, but it didn't matter because it's Azazel run and die to satan's second foot.  If you can't get the as Azazel you aren't doing anything with The Lost anyway."
"In some ways, I enjoy the original Paper Mario more than The Thousand-Year Door. Both are pretty much the same gameplay-wise, but I'd have to say I enjoyed the overall locations present in the first game. The enemies you face are pretty great too; the Koopa Bros., Jr. Troopa's various forms, Tubba Blubba...  I also liked Peach's gameplay segments here more than TTYD's.

One of my favorite Badges in the game is the one that lets you swap out party members without using up a turn since I have liked switching out the characters and let them have a go during battles. What's more, if you're already aware of how to get it, you can get it earlier than when the game gives you clues about its existence. I had actually never gotten this badge until later playthroughs of the game during the time TTYD had already been released. I was thrilled to find it in Paper Mario since it was a badge I used in TTYD as well."
"I think names are based upon the Ars Goethia's demons:
I am Agares, theres a Forneus, Ipos...

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_demons_in_the_Ars_Goetia"
"[Full announcement from devs](http://steamcommunity.com/games/104900/announcements/detail/209758898042858254)

""In 2012 we released one of the worst games of all time and almost everyone hated it. But instead of ditching it we supported it. For three years! After 60+ game updates, over 18,000 Steam User Reviews, going from a 35% to a 75% rating and more than 1 million copies sold, we are here to show you that Games can't fail - only Developers can. 

We never set out to make the best game ever, the most technically impressive, or to have top of the line graphics. We wanted to make the most fun game possible that brought in retro-inspired elements from the games that we grew up on and marrying them with more modern mechanics. It was important to us that we make an incredible game for groups of friends to play together and in that regard, we couldn't be more proud! 

We are celebrating this achievement by launching a week-long Steam Free-2-Play Event starting May 4th, 2015. This allows all 125+ Million Steam Users to play the entire game for free during this period. When they love what they see they can own the game for only $1. 

Please support developers who support their fans!"""
"You must've gotten lucky.  It's infamous for being one of the laziest XB360 ports ever - they pretty much did the absolute minimum amount of work to move the 360 code to Windows.  It even has bugs that crop up if your processors aren't tuned to the same frequency as the 360 chips.  (3.2ghz)  And big issues with framerate drops while driving, even though the environment isn't particularly challenging, especially to today's rigs.

On top of that, they even made some truly baffling changes, like downsampling all the radio stations to 22K *mono* for no apparent reason.  (Although there's a mod that re-compiled all the radio tracks in higher quality.)"
"The co-driver's job is to let the driver know what is coming up in the next few hundred yards and there is a TONNE of different callouts that can be used. We asked Paul Coleman (Chief Games Designer &amp; real life co-driver!) to put together a little blog to explain some of them.

https://www.dirtgame.com/uk/blog/4529

Hope it helps! :)"
"I couldn't give a solid yes or no answer, but we are aware of the demand, that's all I can tell you right now. "
[Fixed link for those who don't just want to watch the end of the video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ShQ3GBFI4KQ)
"You really have to admire their devotion. I would assume most of the people would quit and let it accumulate some sales from being a dino-game. 

I shrugged it off when it came out, but I think I might give them a dollar today. "
"Oh the happy feels when you check the steam library and it's in there.

Looking forward to trying this out!

Also, props to the devs for taking control of their PR this way. Being honest and upright, but also confident and strong, is a very smart way to handle controversies. I remember watching videos of people mocking this game and thinking ""this will never be good"". 

Apparently I was wrong and I am happy they have the guts to tell me so."
"What people are talking about happened a while back, he really threw a hissy fit over it, basically saying he'll never make anything like it again, and is tempted not to make more DLC. By now I'm sure he's chill with it."
"I think it sends a really good message to the community, and improves your public standing as a company.

There is no way the next game they make would sell if they didn't bother fixing this one."
"As someone who put $100 in their kickstarter.. Calling it the worst game of all time was not called for even at launch.

I'll have to check it out again in a few weeks this summer though. "
"Has it really changed that much? Is it *actually* good now? We need a new TB video on this! 

If what they're making out in the trailer is true, then this is a damn rare occurrence- an indie dev sticking to their vision, instead of losing steam and dropping the project because everyone shat on it to begin with."
"I remember when this was a Half Life 2 mod eventually mired by asset stealing and uncredited developer controversies.

If anything it's amazing that it has been dragged into 2015 and found an audience. That's some real tenacity."
"Have they ever come out and said why it was released so shittily ? I mean, good on them for recognising that it may have been shit (I've never played it) but what compelled these people to release the game in the state it was in?"
"&gt;""From now on, I will call you Decarabia the Dowdy. You may call me sir.""

Seems you're right. Also being put into the Cat O' Nine Tails clan, being asked to call him Sir, then asking if I trust him enough to offer me a drink. I think this guy might be hitting on me, and he's saying all the right things."
"They were probably just average developers who spent all their money making the game and had to force release. Then I suppose they saw how much people hated it and instead of cashing out, they decided to use the money they made to fix their mistakes. I assume this free weekend is to finally turn a profit."
"It's not an amazing game, but it's enjoyable in short bursts and I still play it from time to time. It's no where near the level of unenjoyable trash that it basically was before, and it's dirt cheap so you probably have enough steam trading cards in your inventory right now to make up the change to buy it. "
"Y'know, I'm really happy for them, and that's great that they've supported it so much. The thing is, the game still sucks. Yeah, it's cheap as hell and I got it for practically nothing a few years ago; but the reality is it sucked back then and it still sucks now. The gameplay is clunky as all hell, the UIs look like shit, the animations are crap, the textures are crap, the models are crap, and the game is still buggy. I personally couldn't stand playing it for 5 minutes, I'm really not sure how anyone else tolerates it much less *loves it*.

Yeah it's a steal, but so are 99% of the games on steam, and 98% of them have more to offer for your time than this game.

It sucks to say this considering how good they've been to their community but I really wouldn't recommend it to anybody.

EDIT:
I just installed it again to validate my opinion. Hadn't played in a few months.

Well after hopping into a server and playing a match I can honestly say it's just as shitty as I remember. It feels like a crappy mobile game, one I might install on my tablet. The level of graphics and game design might actually be acceptable there. The shitty low res icons, the terrible *terrible* graphic design of the UI (it hurts my eyes), The lack of sounds and animations. It's horrifically ugly honestly and I feel absolutely justified calling it trash."
I mean yeah whatever. But it's like saying why would you buy high quality headphones when you can buy ear buds for $5. Value to content isn't the only thing people look at.
"Didn't they also rename/re-release the game at least once, which basically meant they removed all the old negative feedback?

I can't watch the video right now, is this mentioned?

I watched the ""WTF is"" from TB a few years ago and played it last year and it's definetly better than before. Still, if they really just ""removed"" the old feedback and are now talking about their rating, that'd suck (please correct me if that didn't happen, it's been a long time)."
"Generally publishers will keep their booth space at E3 even if they don't intend to use it fully, because they don't want to lose it for future years. The ESA gives first dibs on booth space to companies that had that space last year.

In the past (I think last year) Konami didn't have anything to show and still took their entire booth space and just carpeted the entire area and put a tiny booth in the middle of it (and tried to stop press from videoing it because it looked so pitiful). Just because they didn't want to lose their right to that space for future years in case they wanted it.

So this potentially shows a larger plan from Sega to take a step back from E3 than them just not having anything to show this year. And you could probably come to some conclusions about their plans (or lack thereof) for the western video game market."
"As someone who picked it up for practically free, I still feel like I got ripped off.

No, it's not good now. Yes, it's actually playable now but I don't know why you would. This game was crap originally and it's crap now. You can polish a turd all you want but this game is still a turd. It's just a slightly shinier turd.

I think the best way I can describe it is imagine one of the shitty 3d FPS games for mobile phones. Now imagine paying to play that on your computer. That's Orion: Prelude."
"Its cool that the devs worked hard to make the game better, but it is still super shady looking that they changed the name of the game twice to dodge meta critic reviews being linked to their steam page. Not to mention the excessive use of quotes from random steam users doesn't help the game look better. Hopefully they can convince review sites to give the game another look, because it seems like it really deserves a second chance."
"They changed it twice. It went by Dino Beat down and Dino Horde, in addition to Prelude. Seems they did it to dodge meta critic reviews getting put on their steam page. And no they don't mention it in the video but it wouldn't be hard to PR spin it as a ""fresh start"""
http://artistryingames.com/spiraling-control-incredible-journey-spiral-game-studios/ Tl;dr the lead devs brother stole a ton of their money. It was either release as is and do their best to fix it after or give up completely. 
"Yeah! I agree, I actually had a great time playing this game. Also it taught me how Dinosaurs became extinct "
While I don't know if they did this. I would think it could be warranted as given all the updates that were done it's basically a different game. 
"&gt; week-long Steam Free-2-Play Event starting May 4th, 2015

Is this already on? I'd love to try it, but I can't find the free version.

"
Honestly I love it. I wasn't aware of how bad it was as I got it during the whole reform. It's a really fun game and I appreciate the devs drive and efforts. There isn't much like shooting dinos with 4 friends.
"The game came off a scam with the name change and low quality but last time I played it on a free weekend it came of that the developers just fucked up a bit. The game has content and all that, cool ideas but the execution was shitty in loads of places. Happy to see devs standing beside a product, acknowledging issues and being loyal to their customers"
"Was it just me, or were there a ton of allegations of this developer (back when they were called Spiral Games) not paying specific members of their team and stealing assets from other games/mods? I also remember hearing a lot about how the head of the team might be entirely inept and not have any idea how game development is supposed to work. If that's the case, it's hard for me to see how the team turned their debut game around and how the head of the team stopped being a clueless numbskull."
I don't have the game (yet) but I have to say that is an incredibly cool idea. Makes taking on the daily challenges really fun if you know you're up against an actual pro who does this in real life. More games should do that.
"Isn't the point of crowd-funding to get projects off the ground? Project Cars is about to be released. It is off the ground, and will be available for retail. That is their revenue stream for a sequel.

Also, shouldn't evolution of the engine shortly after release of the first game come in the form of patches/DLC/add-ons for the first game?

I don't like this."
"This happens a lot of times in other industries. It's the same product made by the same people, but the name is changed to remove the negative implication. It's very difficult to fix a bad rep when it's so embedded in the publics mind. 

Look at xbox. They're doing so much well over the past several months, but the damage done from the past is almost irreparable. 

Is it not better that the understand and admit their faults, and continue to improve? "
"&gt; going from a 35% to a 75% rating

This is mentality that more developers need to adopt if the technology permits. If your game after release is shit, fix it if possible. However, I assume that console releases are a bit more set in stone or harder to fix core problems than an easily-patched PC title."
"How good of a person you are doesn't really mean that much when you're asking people to pay money for your product. The game is *really* shit and it would reflect poorly on me to recommend it to anyone. I'll probably give their next game a look though, just to see if they have improved."
"I remember when this was a Source Mod, then they announced they would make it stand-alone, I think they even got sponsored. They the became morons, I guess because they thought they were the next best thing after they got the sponsorship, and announced that they had a lot of projects in development besides Orion. If you criticized that and the quality of their Orion game on ModDB/IndieDB, you would either get snarky comments from the devs or they just deleted your comments.

I hope they have a new project leader for their own good.

EDIT: haha, at least they've done a good job cleaning up their history, they deleted all the game related IndieDB/ModDB pages, as well as their developer page."
Read [this](http://artistryingames.com/spiraling-control-incredible-journey-spiral-game-studios/) article. With each relaunch they significantly changed up the game and focus. Going from just co-op to including much more PvP.
"Me and my friends have been playing it for years. It started off as a ""game so shit we HAVE to play it"" but over the years it has become a permanent addition to our LAN game selection"
"I also donated to their kickstarter, I tried the game after it's second rebranding and it was still non functional, the menus got stuck in a loop when I was trying to change settings...

I guess things are okay now so maybe I should try it"
"it would be nice to have a 'timeline review', to see how the score has either increased or decreased over time, and to see a score for select periods. "
"&gt;Didn't they also rename/re-release the game at least once, which basically meant they removed all the old negative feedback?

Yes, Orion started as a source mod under a different name, all the way back in 2005/2006 (http://www.moddb.com/mods/incoming-source), and was even worse back then. Praz (the guy behind it) had a habit of stealing work from others and had a few public meltdowns over people calling him a thief and an idiot. The fact that they managed to get an actual game released is pretty amazing."
"&gt;starting may 4th

its may 5th now. the store update time is usually 6pm GMT so the update for may 4th has already happened."
"There was an online outcry against them and how wrong it was, and metacritic made the old reviews stick to the new title. Even though the game was so far removed from the original release it was more than fair if they would have gotten new reviews. The difference between the rerelease and the original was more than just changes you'd expect from even an early access alpha to a full fledged game. They should have just called it dino beat down 2 or dino horde 2 because thats closer to the truth than anything being honest. The changes were massive and drastic.

Edit: Typo"
"$1 to support a developer who actually fixes and supports even when being shit on by the industry? Not a problem. No idea if I'll find time to play, but at that price, I'll get it."
"&gt; I'm down for Castlevania's Might Number 9.

Hopefully it's more like Castlevania's Azure Striker Gunvolt than Mighty Number 9."
"If metacritic wasn't such a poor game rating system I'd agree. But when the ratings are heavily skewed by first impressions from a handful of reviewers and there's a score system that negates users actually reading anything that would explain the details of what is right/wrong... well I'm inclined to cuts devs some slack if they've changed the game enough. That said, these devs definitely did some shady stuff after releasing a god awful game. I'm not siding with them really either.

Ideally though, reviewers would revisit a game that has changed a lot, and metacritic would let them change their scores accordingly. Or more ideally, they'd get rid of scores altogether. Unfortunately the review culture and system is really not set up for that."
Gift copies to people to support the dev more. :P I did that with torchlight 2 each time it went on sale. (Gifted like 4 copies across 4 sales)
"Yeah I could have sworn this was ""made"" by one guy because he would hire people, have them make stuff, then fire them without paying or giving them credit, saying he did all the work. It was really shitty, and lots of posts were made about it in ModDB. I'll see if I can find it. It could have been another futuristic Dinosaur v. Humans game, though.

Edit: Couldn't find the ModDB threads made about it, but here's an article which touches upon most of the sketchy shit David has done. http://www.gatheryourparty.com/2012/05/04/orion-employee-beatdown/

People really need to see this and stop looking at this developer like they're a nice old indie dev. They're probably making it free to play because it'll make them more money and I'm sure they're doing all this ""oh we made a bad game and we want to make it up to you"" kinda thing to get publicity."
"Can we call for a push for the major review websites to re-review the game? If a game has turned around this much there's no good reason to keep a 3 year old review that can only diminish sales of the game. Can even make an anecdote of the Devs turning their game around and stuff.

The free to play isn't live yet (or isn't working for me) but I bough the 4 pack because I support what the devs have done and applaud them. Plus it was $2.24, that's cheaper than getting a coffee."
"Ah, fair enough.  To be honest I didn't even check for it in my own library.  At $0.74 I just figured 'fuck it' and snagged it outright."
"I'm really impressed by* the efforts they've put in all their free updates and expansions. After goat mmo it was a must buy, I think this will just make it an even better deal.

Edit: Apparently this update will $5. And at $15 for the Game and DLC it will still be a great deal"
"Agreed.  I bought it after the media shit storm and the game was very playable for me and I enjoyed it.  Bought a four pack for my friends it was so cheap.

I think this free weekend is exactly what this game needs.  Unfortunately I can't see too many people dumping their money into a game this old."
Another topical example would be the default browser of Windows 10 being named Edge instead of Internet Explorer.
I think dodging the bad reviews is fair if the current product is so wholly fixed and improved that those reviews are entirely irrelevant.
"Buying games day one is not a really good idea regardless of dev.
But yes, they might be bad in the beginning, but we have the knowledge that they just don´t abandon their projects."
"Awesome. I didn't know GOG were doing this, but I will definitely check it out. Helps further  establish them as the only true alternative/competitor to Steam. "
"They're my favorite website, and the reason I got a credit card. (I needed to have UT2k4 in my life. (It turned out okay, until my favorite server perma-banned me for some reason))

DRM-Free is love, DRM-Free is life."
"For anyone who is not aware of GOG, GOG started off as good old games, they pretty much took old games that were hard to obtain/didn't run well on new systems and updated them to work with Windows XP/Vista (and now the newer platforms.)

There 2 major principles are:

-No DRM (As in you can store as many backup copies as you want and access them any time without having to check in online or enter an authentication code, etc)

-Fair Pricing Globally (With I believe some exceptions, they try to make the pricing equal, since $1 isn't equal to 1 Euro, etc.)

They also frequently have sales and the like, and have an ever-growing library of recent titles as well. (Primarily indies)

http://www.gog.com/"
"http://store.steampowered.com/app/104900/

It's only $.74?

If it has steam trading cards you can make your money back!"
"At least they have a fair chance to prove themselves with a new game without being judged instantly, even though it's understandable that people are / will be reluctant to trust it day 1. :)"
"First the MMO update and now GoatZ.

This game has become a giant parody of the whole industry, and I love it."
"It's optional, it's DRM-Free, you'll never have to connect online to play your game past download, etc. 

Pretty much it's mainly them making a platform for expanded growth and such. It's really not much different from steam's application, and in fact much simpler, but they are definitely one of the better parts of the gaming marketplace atm."
"I beg to differ. Being optional and having absolutely no DRM makes it already very different from its competitors. I would even say that DRM is one of the main reasons (of course not the only one) why Steam, Origin and Uplay even exist. GOG Galaxy is revolutionary in my opinion."
"Galaxy still needs work, but the good thing is that it's optional. 

One thing about it is that it does a steam-like direct install, i.e. downloading the game files directly and handles all the various registry setup directly. *My preference* would be grabbing a standalone installer that you can archive, instead of only the files (that you'd need to zip up) and then you're back to needing GOG to set it up fully. 

When the Witcher3 download goes live, I'll be using the old downloader if at all possible, and then adding into galaxy if you need to for updates. Even then if it operates similar to TW2 and it can handle updates through it's own launcher I may not use galaxy. 

It's nice that they're trying their own client, but It's good that I'm able to say it's not my preference to use it and not be in a ""my way or the highway"" situation."
"If you uninstall Steam it will also delete all your games. If you uninstall Galaxy you can keep playing games you downloaded with it ;P Basically it's just a client to make downloading and patching easier, titles are not tied to it in any way."
"First there's a Portal-based demo for SteamVR at GDC, then there's the heavy rumour of [Lego Portal appearing in Lego Dimensions](http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2015-05-05-looks-like-there-will-be-portal-level-pack-for-lego-dimensions) and now this? Starting to feel like there's too much Portal stuff going on for it to be a coincidence.

Calling it now: a new Portal game will be announced at E3 this year."
Does it track the time you've spent in game? I don't know why but I've always found that a satisfying feature. Shallow I know.
"I think I'll finally buy this when it goes on sale now.  At first it just seemed like one of those YouTube bait games and a quick cash in on people who think games like Grass Simulator are funny, but its actually pretty awesome how they've turned it into a parody on the gaming industry."
"Yes it does! From the article:

""GOG Galaxy offers friends list, game time tracking, achievements, and chat. """
"They aren't really a competitor, their library is way too limited.

GMG/Amazon are the 2 biggest Steam competitors imo.
"
"Agreed. For example, Halo MCC's fixed a good deal of it's issues, and it's playable now, but still has problems.

Compare it to release MCC and it's a much *much* more playable and enjoyable game, but MCC will forever be considered a flaming turd by many.

If they finished fixing MCC and re-released it (for free to previous owners) under a different title, like MCC: Legendary Edition, I'd be completely fine with it, since you can't use ratings and reviews of the old broken game to represent the fixed one."
"Oh the trailer wasn't fake. We literally got Goat MMO Simulator.

MMO Simulator though. But it's lifelike!"
"I was hoping for an announcement on GOG, I only linked Kotaku since it was the only place with an article atm. :/

But I don't feel so bad linking them whenever they make something decent/relevant and not click-bait trash."
"the galaxy page (www.gog.com/galaxy) is only halfway up, the template is here but not text contents, and Beta sign-up doesn't work. Will be up soon."
Tbh there were a good deal of content at launch considering the price. Most people just called it crap/youtube bait without actually playing it or at least playing it for more than 5 minutes. (Even worse is people who complain about it being boring but all they do is walk around....most of the fun comes from the interaction with stuff)
"Though it should be mentioned, while their system for Euro/Dollar is better than Steam, they still stopped the real conversion some time ago. Now you just get a fixed rebate which doesn't cover the disparity for more expensive games (well, now it actually might with the current conversion rates)"
"Back to the Future was accepted, and that's a level pack. There is likely going to be a Ghostbusters one, too."
"Because it's what the bad Kotaku article had as it's title, and it's also not quite up yet. (If I had a better source I'd have use it)

I know some subreddits have issues with changing titles of articles so I wanted to keep it the same. For journalistic integrity. *snickers*"
"&gt;Want to backup your purchases? We get it. For all games, you can download a DRM-free backup installer that you can save to an external disk, drive or cloud. 

Is this what you mean?"
"This will probably make me buy games on GOG instead of steam. The convenience of a client like this cant be overstated. 

Saying that i love that its optional! 

GOG are really good guys and anything that's available on GOG instead of steam i think i will get from GOG. "
"""Outstanding innovation in story and character"" said no one ever but the people who made this trailer. Glad to see this come out, though. But I'm pretty much done with the game by now, didn't bother to pick up any DLC even though the Sauron one looked cool."
"I don't think Kotaku's title is bad. I believe it's phrased that way since not many people know what GOG Galaxy is, especially as something new going into beta. By saying it's their 'take on Steam' most readers instantly know what it is. "
"I don't even really care what it's called or if it's even still Portal. I'm not a big fan of Half-Life, but if the rumors of the Portal Gun appearing in HL3 are true, I'd buy it day 1."
"Most of the time yes, but the money doesn't go to Valve and at least you can buy the games there, while on GOG you have a very limited library. (Just look at the top selling list on Steam and try to see if GOG has those games, most of the time you will find out that they only have 1-2 games out of the 15 top selling ones)

And you can't really avoid Steam on PC, Steamworks is just too convinient for developers so lots of games use it.

"
"I only got to play about 30min to an hour last night since the damn Steam preload decryption took almost an hour after midnight, but what I played got me hype to dig in tonight after work. The intro was already full of the gritty and engaging narrative style of The New Order. Stealth is still satisfying and brutal and gun play seems to have a bit more recoil and kick to it, at least the assault rifle was noticeably different.

Also, there seems to be a lot more graphics options than I remember from TNO. On a GTX 760, the high preset ran noticeably worse than TNO, but once I turned off AA and turned god rays down to medium, it was looking great and running 60fps.

I can't wait to really dive into it tonight becuase TNO was by far my favorite shooter of 2014 and this seems just as good so far."
I've found it pretty fun as a game to turn on at a party and have random people just mess around. My drunk friends found it hilarious.
"This is slowly edging towards Terraria in terms of free DLC no one has requested but you are given and are grateful for anyways.

Sure, its still kind of lack luster single afternoon game play (other than getting every one of those stupid collectibles), but with so many features, Im going to have to recommend it to more people. It has its hilarious moments for sure."
"&gt; I'm relatively sure if you're getting steam codes somehow it benefits steam. 

Even if Steam got no money from it, they still get the lock-in effect. Suddenly all your games are on Steam so you might as well keep using it over any potential competitors (of which there are few ""real"" ones since they tend to sell steam keys). Down the line you end up with the scenario we have today where people keep asking if GoG and others provides steam keys whenever they have a sale."
"You are able to download the separate installer through the client.  Go to where the game extras are and you'll find it. The client basically eliminates the need to ever go to their website, though right now it doesn't do much more than the website, hopefully with future updates they will expand functionality."
"To be frank, it's so good I believed it for about 3 hours of play before noticing nobody responded to me. It's extremely well done and a good satire on it all"
"To be clear, these are not new Lego sets, but just addons for the upcoming Lego Dimensions video game right? Disney infinity style..."
"Yeah, I'm definitely not in the camp of saying that GOG is going to kill steam or even marginally affect sales. But it's good to have options, especially ones with better customer service and a mantra I can get behind.

I mean, without galaxy you can still download and play all of the games they have, and even add the exe to steam so it's pretty much like having it on steam. (Good for if something (or things) is on sale much cheaper there, or it's one of their free promotions.)"
"So what exactly is different from the one released a few years ago?

Slapping a price on it with Early Access without explaining what they've done in the last few years isn't really a great start.

Edit: [This press release explains a lot](http://www.blackmesagame.com/bms_presskit.pdf)."
"I really hope this proves to be a solid alternative to Steam. 
  
Everyone is praising Valve but we seem to forgot how many issues there are with Steam. You can't really lend games to your buddies as much as you want, you can't transfer your Steam wallet in real currency, they get an insane cut in the sales(1). I wouldn't be surprised to learn they can decide to block the games from lauching for everyone. 
  
And Valve as a game developper - from the viewpoint of someone playing a bit CSGO - is ridiculous. They seem to refuse to put resources into this game, no 128-tick server, no unranked 5vs5 mode like competitive, a weird way to balance their games. I do like the maps though, but all the general level design is done by some fans long time ago **if** I am not mistaken.
  
EDIT : 
  
(1)It seems the cut from Valve is pretty standard and not that high, even though I find it high. Apparently GOG will use the same cut : http://www.pcgamer.com/steam-and-gog-take-30-revenue-cut-suggests-fez-creator-phil-fish/ (Thank you /u/Spore124 and all others who reacted on this)"
"&gt;Slapping a price on it with Early Access without explaining what they've done in the last few years isn't really a great start.

They actually explained what they were going to do years ago.  The original Black Mesa wasn't complete, it left off Xen entirely because the dev team had been working on the game for 6 years and it was time to release something.  After it became successful, Valve gave them permission to turn it into a monetized standalone game on steam.

The original Black Mesa will remain free.  They may also be adding the last few chapters to the story to the free version - can't remember.  The new Black Mesa has been updated to the ~~Source 2~~ ""a new Source engine"" engine and given a lot of other improvements, including (but not limited to) better textures and a multiplayer."
"Supposedly when they released in 2012, valve gave them access to an enhanced version of source.  At least that's the rumor I heard.  So one would hope that this is the fruits of that.  It would be nice if they wouldn't take a page out of valve's book and actually be transparent about what's going on.  I'm more than willing to drop 20 bones on it, so long as it's different than the free version, outside of the multiplayer addition that is."
+1 on wanting a clearer explanation on what is different between the free game and the Early Access game. Or is it literally the same build right now and buying it is essentially kickstarting Xen?
"The rollback feature looks really nice. Had issues with MOO2 after getting [VDC](http://www.spheriumnorth.com/orion-forum/nfphpbb/viewtopic.php?t=613) to work. Went back a couple years later to update to the latest version of VDC and had no idea what the status of the files was.

Hopefully rollback means I can just hit a button to return to default and then install mods easily from that point."
"[$4.99, from eurogamer.](http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2015-05-05-goat-simulator-adds-goatz-survival-dlc)"
"Bought it. never played the original and thought what they had so far is definitely worth it. I'm excited to see Xen when it comes out.
"
"Played a bit last night - all the great parts of TNO with some welcome/interesting editions, specifically stealth situations that are a little more complex than the original game. The 1940's weapons feel quite a bit punchier, a minor gripe I had with the prologue in TNO. Plus,more double barrel shotgun action? never a bad thing. Assets have been tweaked enough to not feel reused and the level design, visually, is still just as gorgeous as it was in TNO.

Only thing I can really think of is blazkowicz's voice is different, which was a little disapointing, but about an hour in it appears to be worth every penny. The story is still great, it's unbelievable how well they keep managing to make the world so engaging with a premise that's so campy sounding on paper. Supremely happy to be playing more Wolfenstein this soon after the release of the last one, and it's the first thing that's pulled me from GTA."
"It was actually a GoldSrc mod before it was a Source mod, and went through a couple of name changes.  They have a long history of developer drama, shady tactics and the like that stretches back well over a decade.  It's good to see that they've managed to shake all that off and rebuild their trust with the community."
"This release includes Multiplayer. 

&gt;**How is the full version planned to differ from the Early Access version?**
“The conclusion of the single player campaign, with the addition of the Xen chapters
Final polish on the Earth-based chapters of the single player campaign 
More multiplayer maps
More multiplayer gameplay modes”

&gt;**What is the current state of the Early Access version?**
“Over 10 hours of single player campaign. Multiplayer deathmatch and team deathmatch with 6 completely re-imagined Half-Life 1 maps on the Source Engine.”

I assume that the free mod-release will stay as-is, and this Steam release will be where all future updates are done."
"Having two high-performance APIs is benefitial, both will try to keep improving and gain ""market-share"". They'll want their API to be the dominant one, so they will work on it. In this world, competition is neccesary for actual improvements to happen. I hope both are successful."
"Massively disappointed that Xen still isn't there after 3 years, but my 20 bucks is theirs anyway. Looking forward to Xen when it comes out."
The more competition we have the better. Steam might one day actually feel the need to invest in customer support.
"On the forums they've had dev blogs, including a series by one of the modelers, and he's posted at least 80 screenshots of new/revamped models that were made for this release. And that's just what was done by one guy!"
"I've been looking forward to see GOG Galaxy start to become available.

I hope they eventually intend to add in some kind of cloud save feature. That's probably the only thing that I don't see listed that I  consider important."
How long has this been in development? I swear I was reading stories about Black Mesa in issues of PC Gamer when I was back in high school.
"In the aftermath of the paid skyrim mods thing, this is a perfect example of how to sell mods that customers wont object to.

"
"Id be more interested in seeing valve put some effort into steam, its pretty shit program,  especially for something so popular. "
"In their defense, they never said xen was going to come out with the retail version. They always said that multiplayer would come first, and then xen would follow. They have been very forthcoming about xen and the fact that they don't have the resources available to make it truly what they want, the early access version is essentially a kickstarter for that. 

In the meantime, they gave us the multiplayer, which I think is fair. They have promised to update it along the road as well as it having a community workshop. The game is also heavily updated. 

Xen is coming, they've said they're about 85% finalized with the game. I'll give them another year before I get truly disappointed. "
"Basically since Half-Life 2 came out, so [over 10 years](http://wiki.blackmesasource.com/History_of_the_Mod)."
You could also read up on it and see that this guy is kinda shady and maybe giving him a buck for no reason isn't necessary
"Over 10 years, but it was released in 2012. This version is mostly a ""remaster"", with improved graphics, a newer version of Source engine and multiplayer."
"This isn't really a mod 

Even when released half finished in 2012, it's an entire game, they've remade and creates entirely new assets models textures, voices, even levels. 

It's a proper remake of half life, better than valve could do honestly "
"Being standalone helps, it's essentially Half-life 2015, a remake.

What I did find funny was that no one mentioned stuff like [Aperture TAG](http://store.steampowered.com/app/280740/) over the past week or so, which is paid and not standalone, and released 11 months ago. (probably a debate for another thread, the paid mods thing will inevitably get resurrected)"
[Here's our official Press Release on the release](http://www.blackmesagame.com/bms_presskit.pdf). I can answer other questions that people may have.
"I enjoyed the mod a lot but this feels very underwhelming. To have a big elaborate countdown with the reveal essentially being ""you can give us money now"" honestly feels like they're taking the piss a bit."
"Much easier to understand, thanks. You should integrate some of that text into your Steam store page."
"No one is forcing you to ""switch"" from Steam. Just buy games for it if they're good deals and prices you want to pay just like you would for Steam, Uplay, and Origin. "
"We have, and we're continuing to make sure things are coherent between the two. Been a busy past few days, so things might've gotten mixed up."
"You won't switch, I won't switch. It's a nice alternative that is all. I will be using Steam, Origin, and Galaxy."
"Specifically the ""What's New?"" section is much more detailed and clearer than what's currently on Steam. It comes off as much more impressive and value-adding."
Why is the [mod download link](http://www.blackmesasource.com/pages/download_manager.html) no longer on the main website? Does the team intend to no longer have the mod available for download? Or is that just going through some changes?
"the people who mentioned it were downvoted by the mob

I mean most of the people complaining didnt even know the paid mods were only for Skyrim and pretty much just followed the opinions others wrote. You cant expect them to notice that Valve allowed paid mods way earlier than the Skyrim stuff."
It's a parody of [this terrible trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpAYoMnosGY) for the Division.
"I understand why people may hate Goat simulator. I myself feel kind of guilty that Coffee Stain has produced some great games, but will be known as the goat studio.

However, I can't stop loving Goat sim. It started out as a silly, fun, game-jam game that they thought people would like, and it turned into a huge success. Not because it was deep or complex, it was just fun.

Not only that, they've managed to turn it into the perfect satire platform, making fun of different over-saturated genres like survival and mmo. Hell, even the fact that people flocked to buy this buggy game, and the fact that people will buy dlc that is self-described as buggier than most survival games, could probably be considered a parody of the entire industry itself.

This rabbit hole goes pretty deep, Alice.

The Monty Python of gaming. Unsophisticated, crude, kinda smart, hella funny."
"&gt;  **How is the full version planned to differ from the Early Access version?**
 
&gt; * The conclusion of the single player campaign, with the addition of the Xen chapters 
* Final polish on the Earth-based chapters of the single player campaign 
* More multiplayer maps 
* More multiplayer gameplay modes

&gt; **What is the current state of the Early Access version?** 

&gt; * Over 10 hours of single player campaign. 
* Multiplayer deathmatch and team deathmatch with 6 completely re-imagined Half-Life 1 maps on the Source Engine.

Formatted that how I'd imagine it was supposed to appear. It's a bit of a shame that the Xen levels aren't complete already (as many others have said), but I'd prefer that they are released when they've been done right. 

I played through Half-Life using the original graphics maybe 2 years ago, and for what it's worth I had as much fun as ever. I'd imagine it's younger gamers that are turning their nose up at the original, but maybe it bears reminding for those who are complaining that the original is still complete and lots of fun, not to mention cheap and readily available on steam. I had no compatibility issues either. A great experience even to this day, through and through. "
"Copy paste from an older post of mine, this has come up before since it's quite a common misconception that Steam take a cut from games just for using Steamworks:

&gt;Steam take no cut from hosting the game, and no cut from the game using Steamworks. 0%. If I buy a game that is hosted on Steam, but I don't actually buy it from Steam, Valve get nothing.

&gt;You don't have to take my word for it, [here](http://www.steampowered.com/steamworks/) is the official Steamworks site where a developer would go to learn about it. Just reading the homepage you can see that it is all free for a developer. The only time Steam takes their cut is if a copy is actually sold *on* Steam itself.  In addition to the homepage, the fact that it costs nothing to include Steamworks is reiterated on the 'Retail Support' page:

&gt;&gt; Steamworks has a host of features and services that support your retail product and any digital copies, wherever they are sold. It’s free. There is no per-copy activation charge or bandwidth fee.
Ship your game at retail and online. With Steamworks, you decide where and how it will be sold.

&gt;For example, if I bought a game from GMG and activated it on Steam, downloaded it from Steams servers, and patched it from Steams servers, Steam get nothing.

&gt;The fact that they take no money from Steamworks is absolutely a part of how Steamworks got so popular in the first place. The small amount of money they sometimes lose to other outlets is **more** than made up by the fact that the Steam marketplace is so popular. I like Steam and absolutely don't want it to go away, I just think their marketshare is a little too big right now so I do my minuscule part to try and help that problem."
"Fucking this. After reading this doc I might buy it on steam, the steam description is shit, please update it /u/nightsfrost "
"Well in this case it is a joke - and its mainly used for things Source 2 obviously won't fix (spelling errors, balance issues etc). 

Started when Valve stated they would not update anything outside game breaking issues with the engine until the Source 2 update. 

But yes the reason for it being a joke is due to the optimistic nature of the plebeian.  "
"We're not hosting it on our site right now, but that doesn't mean that you won't be able to still get it. Beyond our site, all the other links should still work. If they don't, let us now."
"TONS of people requested more Terraria content, most of us were ready to pay for it too, we can't because the dev is too awesome so instead I just bought Terraria for all my friends."
"Given the very rocky development of this and how the release has panned out thus far I would be very hesitant to put money into this as an investment into its future via Early Access.

Don't get me wrong I'm not saying that they don't deserve any payment or that the current version isn't worth paying for, I'm just saying if there was *ever* a game/development that I was unsure of if it would ever see any future updates or improvements via the Early Access system, this would be it..."
Good to know. So I assume the mod download link was removed because BM team wants to promote the Steam release more so. Which is understandable. 
"The version that was released in 2012 was incomplete. This is a remaster, yes I suppose, but is still incomplete. We are still waiting for Xen."
It's very weird to say they haven't put effort into Steam.  That's a platform that's seen tons of work on it. 
"Forgive, but don't forget.  If he's stuck with the game and actually made it fun he deserves another chance and it is just $1.  Just keep in mind the company name and be cautious when you see a new product from them."
"You're absolutely correct. Sad reddit's memory is so short about this kind of scumbag. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/g2sol/david_prassel_creator_of_orion_prelude_receives/"
I've finished in on über in about 9 hours and I'd say that's well worth it. I love the throwbacks to RtCW! 
"I think just Ubisoft games in general. The R6: Siege gameplay reveal tried to do the actors pretending to be gamers.

Not to say ubisoft is the only one to fake  multiplayer games. The Battlefield series dramatize matches, slightly better than other companies. "
"Steam is a platform with a lot of good ideas duct taped together and there is a green goo leaking out. The client as a functional software is clunky and slow as hell, even for simple tasks. 

But yeah. they have done a lot of work to expand the experience and service.  "
"I would start with ""say what you want..."", but Magicka is a lot of fun and their Marketing people are freaking awesome."
"&gt; I really hope this proves to be a solid alternative to Steam. 

Based on that video, I already intend to do far more of my shopping on Galaxy than on Steam.  Sounds like all the advantages of Steam minus a lot of the disadvantages.  All GOG have to do is not mess it up."
"On that topic, let us (er, me) know if you have any questions about Magicka 2 or the sneak peek. I'm at your service!"
"I don't want the multiplayer stuff, so I wouldn't buy it, but the development has only been slow, not rocky. It came to completion (except Xen, so not really full completion I guess) 2 years ago, and since then they've written the multiplayer add-ons. They did all of this in their spare time without payments, donations, collections, dlc, and everything else, and created a genuinely good game that competes with games released by full studios.

I'd say this is better earned as an early access product than most - you can [still get](http://www.blackmesasource.com/pages/download_manager.html) the free original mod, so it's not like they're ripping people off. This is to finally recoup some money from the hours sunk and help pay for the completion of the mod (which is already a 10 hour structured storyline game)."
"I think remastering a AAA game with a budget of zero dollars should spark some curiosity on what this team could do if they were given money and didn't have to work at McDonalds.  

At the very least their project manager, who likely dealt with multiple member changes on the project over the course of 10 years, should be applauded for somehow getting this far."
"Didn't they become a seperate entity?

EDIT: I'm really sorry for misremembering something. You can stop downvoting me now."
"Doesn't the Steam version have new voiceovers, improved graphics, improved level design where necessary, *and* multiplayer? Plus Xen will only be coming to the Steam version.

I think your statement is misleading, the press release claims to have a lot more than you said."
"As a Linux user, I hope they allow the installation of Windows programs through Wine, even if it's unsupported by them. Plenty of my Steam games will run through Wine, but I have to manage another whole Steam client to run them, rather than execute them via the Linux client.

I'm pretty hopeful with this. I like GoG, and they seem like the best competitors to Steam."
"This costs as much as the new Wolfenstein, at least in my country (Belarus, $12+). I don't know why I should buy it considering it is pretty much the same free mod with slightly enhanced graphics (don't care) and tacked on multiplayer (don't care either).

Edit: also this http://gyazo.com/96587f2cc9b0d161741c0bcc78bad305"
"I cant understand why would they waste time on Multiplayer instead of finishing the story..

I'm pretty sure most of the people don't care about MP and wont even play it.."
"Seriously, $2.50 for over 100 hours of content.

Everytime he released another patch, we just started a new large world and ran at it from the beginning."
"I think you will find that most people don't care about Steam's DRM as much as you do.

It has never been a problem for me personally."
"If GOG had more of the games I want, I would definitely support them instead of Steam, but unfortunately they have a rather small library compared to Steam, and they're more specialized in older games."
Ah totally right - but remember: most of our new games aren't really meant to have staying power.  They want you to stay - just until they release the next year's version!  Why bother doing more than the bare minimum since most of the team has already moved on to the next game.  
"Yeah they seem to change it after each major update, not the minor ones. It's called Orion:Prelude now because they are working on a sequel called Orion. They tried a kickstarter that just couldn't get enough support but from the dev footage it looks pretty fun so I think events like this to get some more money would go to the development of the new game."
"Crap, I should've read before I bought I expected to play Xen but while downloading I saw the bit that says it'll be added in later.

Oh well, these guys need the money, I honestly would've paid for Black Mesa on its first launch because of the hype I had back then anyways even without Xen, but third 'launch' is a charm right? At least we got the payment out of the way this time."
"The downloads are faster, the browser is faster, and the client in general is more efficient. Origin as a whole lacks the entire community thing that Steam has, but as a dedicated game launcher there's nothing wrong with it."
"For me it really tapped into my ill-satisfied love for those semi-open world mini-games from things like Skate or Spyro. ""Here's a small sandbox, here's some silly stuff, 3 2 1 go."" I *love* that shit. "
"I am very excited about this, just signed up for Beta. Steam has too much control over PC gaming IMO. I like how I can roll-back games and aren't forced to update them"
"Okay, yeah, I know they no longer *only* specialize in old games, but a very big majority of their game library is still old games."
"I don't get it either.  It's not as if HL1 multiplayer was anything amazing.  It is more known for spawning incredible mods, some of them turning into their own franchises like Counter-Strike and Team Fortress.  Not many people are going to be snatching this thing up for some standard deathmatch.

I'm one of the few people that prefers HL1 over HL2, but I expect I am not alone in assuming that the campaign is why someone would pick this up.  Not completing Xen (despite it being the ""weakest part of the campaign"") in favor of tacking on multiplayer that not many people are going to care about is a bit of a head scratcher.  "
"Is it really that bad though? Yea the ""players"" sound corny, but I think it was an effective way to show you what a gameplay session MIGHT look like. It's a Ubisoft game after all, so who know's if it'll even be close to that. "
if you have no fun just screwing around then you wont have fun with this game. the mmo was more of the game itself with a story.
"Kind of a sad statement about the industry isn't it? People will happily gobble unfinished, buggy shit just because it has zombies or survival in it."
"What kind of games will have achievements? Will they be going back and adding them to old games like Deus Ex, Fallout 1 etc or will it only be new releases?"
"I think that's the greatest niche for these sorts of games, just getting some low commitment, slapstick humor, electronic joy in front of your drunk friends. I love Gangbeasts and Octodad for the same reason."
"A quick summary for anyone not able to read the article

* Called Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 5

* Made by Robomodo 

* Coming to PS4/X1 with PS3/360 versions coming later

* Will have ""power-ups and the ability to shoot projectiles for specific missions.""

* Has Co-op and competitive play

* Seamless online

* You can create your own skate parks

* Characters confirmed: Tony Hawk, Nyjah Huston, Aaron Homoki, Ishod Wair, Riley Hawk, Lizzie Armanto, Chris Cole, David Gonzalez, Leticia Bufoni, and Andrew Reynolds.

* On Unreal Engine"
It's being developed by Robomoto. I hope they learned from the mistakes they made with THPSHD. I would love a new quality THPS game. So here is to hoping they can deliver this time.
"I wont argue on the rest of your points, but steam cut from sales is far far far lower than regular publishers."
"&gt; Coming to PS4/X1 with PS3/360 versions coming later

Oh well, another Tony Hawk game without a PC Release."
"It's already out, though. This is just an ""updated singleplayer experience"" (without Xen that could mean anything, frankly -- the original mod already improves this), multiplayer features and mod support.

You can already download what they've made for free, I don't see what's much different about this except it still doesn't have Xen. I don't see an appeal in paying for multiplayer.

**Download link:**  
http://www.blackmesasource.com/pages/download_manager.html"
"Simple tasks like what? I have no issues with its speed.

It's not particularly cumbersome in terms of memory usage or CPU usage either."
"I'd think twice about using your debit card online, it can work fine 99% of the time but if anything goes wrong, thats your personal money leaving your account that you may not always be able to get back. Credit cards have many more securities about fraud and the like and can save you from losing a lot of money in case the worst happens"
"I never understood why HoN was despised and people don't even bring it when talk about MOBAs.

Can someone who played the game explain why? It seemed pretty decent to me."
"I really hope the game backs up what they're saying about how the humans, monsters, and wildlife interacts naturally with each other. A lot of devs say that, but I still haven't seen it put into practice"
considering that the extra content wasn't just stuff tacked onto the end to make the game longer but was also interspersed with the already existing content it is so much more fun to start from the beginning. i must have played terraria like 5 times through already.
"Man, those are some rough looking screenshots. It looks like a last gen game, and uninspired honestly. I like the sound of going back to the basics for the gameplay though."
"Absolutely agree. GOG may not be a ""Steam Killer"" (I don't know that anything could be that right now), but having more options is pretty much always better for the consumer. "
"Wait, that's terrible? No, that was fucking fantastic trailer that created a while lot of buzz when it was revealed.

No, it wasn't ""accurate"" but it gets the job done fucking well."
"&gt; they get an insane cut in the sales.

In the interest of fairness it might be worth mentioning the 30% cut Valve takes is pretty standard. I believe GOG takes the same percentage per sale.

http://www.pcgamer.com/steam-and-gog-take-30-revenue-cut-suggests-fez-creator-phil-fish/"
"&gt; At the very least their project manager, who likely dealt with multiple member changes on the project over the course of 10 years, should be applauded for somehow getting this far.

No doubt, I was part of a CS modding community about 10 years ago and it seemed like everyone on the forum was making an asset or two to help out, even then I thought it must've been a hassle handling all of those people at once."
"I liked HD as well, but it was missing some awesome game modes like split screen, graffiti, HORSE, etc. And apparently the controls weren't as tight as the original games. I didn't notice the latter since I didn't play the originals a lot."
"Normally I don't watch any trailers at all but Magicka 2 is a very happy exception. They're so dumb that I end up watching every single one of them with a huge grin on my face, really awesome job by the people that put them together."
"The seamless Online sounds to me like the way Killzone on PS Vita works. Your character's XP and levels are tied to Single Player - so you can play through SP, level up and it'll carry over to Online. So even if you don't have a connection available you can still play with your character and you won't miss out on any progress.

One other thing I've noticed off the bat is the fact that some areas in this game are practically ""remixed"" levels from existing Tony Hawk games. The one where the skater is grinding on the highwire in the ""School"" level - you can see two buildings and a slanted ramp in the upper left. That is taken from ""School II"" from THPS2 - near the lamppost that you can knock over.

For Example -

[This is Warehouse from THPS1 - but with a wider area and a new kicker and ramp on the left](http://media1.gameinformer.com/imagefeed/screenshots/TonyHawksProSkater5/thps5_warehouse_riley_fsshoveit_copy.jpg)

[This is the start of School II A.K.A The Death Drop - you can see the Gym with the pool in the distance on the left](http://media1.gameinformer.com/imagefeed/screenshots/TonyHawksProSkater5/thps5_school_riley_inwardheelflip_2_copy.jpg)

[This is the aforementioned School II remix - with the two small shacks and knock-over lamppost](http://media1.gameinformer.com/imagefeed/screenshots/TonyHawksProSkater5/thps5_school_lacticia_nosebluntslide_copy.jpg)

[If this screenshot is hinting at anything - the game will be out on August 11th 2015](http://media1.gameinformer.com/imagefeed/screenshots/TonyHawksProSkater5/thps5_school_tony_feeble_copy.jpg)"
"So where exactly are you getting the evidence of mass majority are complaining?

To e honest I didn't even know about most of these issues until I joined the sub reddit and people were constantly complaining

Never really heard anyone complain in game

The numbers haven't dipped and have been increasing, esports is growing rapidly, if they are actually dissatisfied I'm assuming they'd stop playing"
"~~I can't speak for AMD, but from what I know all Fermi, Kepler and Maxwell Nvidia cards are supported.~~

~~EDIT: AMD's GCN-based hardware is supposed to be compatible, so I know the 700 series up will work, but not sure below that.~~

EDIT2: Basically, [all DX11-supporting cards will support DX12.0](http://www.pcworld.com/article/2873545/dont-panic-directx12-wont-require-a-new-graphics-card-after-all.html). However, DX12.1 may be a different matter.

I personally hope Vulkan ends up more used than DX12, since it's not OS-exclusive."
"&gt; That much, at least, is no longer true.

Yes it is. It will no longer be true when the newer game library expands a bit past a small handful of indies/kickstarters and The Witcher series (and the only reason The Witcher is there is because CDPR owns GOG). It's been this way for a long time.

I love GOG for providing stable versions of older games, but they are certainly nothing close to a Steam replacement yet, and due to their stance on being anti-DRM, probably won't be anytime soon."
"I just watched a few minutes of the 'player' chatter and I agree that it really doesn't seem as bad as people have been making out this whole time. 

Sure it's not 100% realistic but honestly it was fine, it was just some fairly standard chatter that they made for the video. With the way people were talking about it I thought it was going to be some ultra serious over-the-top military wannabes or dudebros and but it was just normal people saying normal stuff."
"I got it when it came out last year and streamed it drunk on twitch for my friends and had a blast for about 2-3 hours. Think I've played it once more since then, but once this update is live I definitely think I'm going to get back into it. I think zombie games have jumped the shark so this mockery of the crap in early access should be a great time."
Development started when half life 2 was released (thereabouts) and still is not done. You do the math.
"Well, Robomodo as dev is already grounds for major skepticism. Hopefully they're able to put something decent out, because their track record doesn't warrant much positivity. "
"I play it for about an hour every time an update comes out and randomly dick around with it once in a blue moon. I've easily gotten $15 of enjoyment out of it. Some people just can't relax their sphincter and have some good, dumb fun."
"It didn't feel right. It was not THPS, but a game almost like THPS. I think the fact that it was all old levels made that fact more obvious than if if was all new stuff. 

Rather than using Unreal again they should see if they can get the old engine running, but chances are that'd be more trouble than it's worth. So hopefully whatever they ended up doing they get the right THPS feel or it'll all be for nothing."
A friend and I played this game thinking we'd make fun of a terrible game.[ It ended up being genuinely fun and decently put together.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slmIEdfs6as)
"This is great news. I used to own a copy years and years ago, but the copy went missing. I was never able to replace it. I was looking into prices for it recently (within the last year) and the price for the game has ballooned out of control. Some people want in the upwards of $300 for the game complete in box. This is ridiculous. 

Coupled with the fact that Capcom hasn't released Mega Man Legends 1 &amp; 2 due to alleged voice acting licencing, and supposed loss of music right for the first game, I wasn't sure this was ever going to get a release. I don't believe too many people other than fans of the first two games played this one, so it's good it's getting back out here. Now I can spend $6 or $10 and get a copy of the game and be able to enjoy it without having to spend a large percentage of a paycheck on the game. 

For those of you unaware, one of the main voice actors for Mega Man Legends 1 &amp; 2, Tiesel, apparently molested some children and people think this is a reason they aren't doing re-releases since they will have to pay him for using his voice again.

In an old ""Ask Sven"" thread on the Capcom forums, they alluded to having lost the rights to the original music for the game, so they'd have to pay out to get the rights back. This is all hearsay, it was never proved one way or another. "
Its the same voice actor. Brian bloom. They probably just gave him notes to sound younger because it's 20 years earlier than the new order. 
"Not sure how its in the UK, but thats how it is in Germany as well.

Since we dont use Credit Cards really, we have some of the same policies you have on CC's. Like disputing a charge that happened on our bank account for a few weeks after the charge happened."
"Thanks, I didn't know you could gift untradeable stuff. Just want to share this with a friend who is hesitating to buy Magicka 2."
I think it's hilarious that you think your rejection of this game means that people are going to desperately try to sway your opinion. Nobody cares.
"I agree with what you said (I'm also a big fan of Goat simulator), but I'd never call Monty Python unsophisticated and crude. "
"Hon was good, it was bigger than LoL in its beta. It was basically a streamlined dota clone. The delcine started once it went top retail, it costs 30 bucks and people just jumped over to LoL as it was free. At that point it was basically a slow decline. It then adopted the LoL f2p model but then it was way too late and really odd as older player still had access to everything but not new heroes for a while and it was just weird. Then they changed it again to the dota model and then I stopped playing because everyone else did."
"During our [livestream tonight](http://www.twitch.tv/blackmesagame), we'll talk about what we have planned for the future of Xen."
"How is this terrible? Obviously it was scripted and acted out, but it shows what they were aiming for with the final game. It also had the most accurate representation of game chatter that I've seen in a trailer: casual, but slightly serious when teamwork is needed. 

Compared to over the top excited on-stage performances at every E3, this trailer was refreshing. "
"I mean, maybe I am misunderstanding what you mean but:

Fallout 3 and New Vegas

Skyrim

Any Far Cry

Don't Starve

That's just off the top of my head, some games that have NPC's and wildlife interact in the world."
Has Surface Tension been changed? I thought there was talk of including that mod that elongated Surface Tension closer to the HL1 version. 
"I played the free part of it. And to be honest I never imagined that this mod would be so good, because ... yeah I was thinking it was a mod. But hell there is so much love put in the game. That is a complete redesign not just a mod."
"The mass majority are not complaining, the mass majority are THRILLED with what valve has been doing for the CS:GO Community lately.  

In the last month we have had, what, 10 separate VAC waves directly targeted at CSGO. The SMG chance overall was very good for the meta of the game, and now you see 2nd and 3rd round SMG buys. Which is exactly whats valve were going for (trying to spice up the meta and make all guns more viable).  

The only people that are complaining about the AWP change are people that don't know how to AWP. KennyS, Gaurdian, JW, all of the top tier AWPers that really understand the AWP and use it to its fullest potential are not complaining about the AWP at all. None of their gameplay has really suffered and they are still god-tier with the AWP because it is not significantly worse. It is still in principle the same gun, you just need to adapt to it. 

The removal of de_nuke was also a good change. Nuke was BY FAR the most single sided map in the game. To the point that if you got 3 or 4 rounds on T side, it was seen as a good half. The map was stale. Both de_cobblestone and de_underpass have been great for the meta and have been consistently picked/banned for the last few weeks because both maps are well thought out and balanced enough to be competitive.  

The main thing that i do whole-heartedly agree with you on, is that the game is too  flashy at the moment. I used to (months ago) get about 120 fps on my (rather weak spec'd) laptop maxed out. Now im LUCKY to get 40. The game DOES have a tonne of unimportant and irrelevant (e.g. stickers) additions that slow performance, and that is unacceptable. But this speaks more to the developers needing to do some maintenance than it speaks to the game itself.   

*Edit: Spelling*"
I really hope they will also start making mods like [the Hulk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWCrxB2O-Z4) and [Spiderman](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60hQTirPk4M) mods that exist for GTAIV. So much mayhem to be had.
Tables usually average anywhere from $3-10 apiece (the more expensive ones usually have multiple tables).
"That's like asking if people who have played Forza can go back to Mario Kart.  Skate and THPS are two entirely different styles of games, one being a sim and the other being a goofy, arcade-style game."
"A few years ago people said: ""Music labels won't ever be on Spotify"" and even before ""Music labels won't ever be on iTunes, since they benefit from selling a whole CD and not only one good song"".

If enough of us support it, companies will use GOG. But we need to give it a chance."
"&gt;and what I'm assuming to be fire?

C'mon, you know that it was fire and you're greatly exaggerating.  Sure, the texture quality is pretty low on the concrete but damn this is some elitist shit I don't think I've ever seen."
"My gut tells me that this is going to basically be a nostalgia-fueled cashgrab.  The OG Tony Hawk games were very much a product of the environment they were developed in: Neversoft left their fun fingerprints all over those games.  They somehow managed to marry fun arcade gameplay with a genuine respect and promotion of skate culture.  Tony Hawk is a longtime gamer himself, and they'd send him multiple development copies and listened closely to his feedback.  

Clearly I'm biased beyond belief, but for me, the Tony Hawk series died with Neversoft, and maybe a few years before even that.  There's not much I wouldn't do for a new Tony Hawk game in the vein of the original four or five games, but I'm skeptical of Robomodo.  I'm praying for a pleasant surprise."
"Man, I must've been out of the Skating loop for quite a while, I don't know a single character listed outside of Tony himself."
"I hope the skating is back to true form, because those environments look real bland. I know it should be about the skating, but still. "
I love how the guys at paradox always seem to have their finger on the pulse. I can't wait to play the campaign to get a dose of that witty humor. 
"Well I was going to buy this game anyway, but each of the trailers for Magicka 2 have been so freaking hilarious that i decided to upgrade to the deluxe version just so i can play some of the game ASAP.  I'm sure my friends will appreciate the free preview keys as well. "
"The Steam version is just a way to support the developers. 

http://www.moddb.com/mods/black-mesa/news/happy-birthday-half-life"
The difference being that I can't lend you a track that I've found on Spotify. But I can give you a game I bought on GOG. 
"THPS 1, THUG (for most regions), Downhill Jam, Project 8, Proving Ground, Ride, and Shred were the ones that didn't make it, along with ports of the mobile games.

I don't think this is a franchise that has completely deprived the PC market of releases."
"It works fairly well and is pretty clean (signed up for the beta long time ago and got access like a week ago) definitely has some problems though. Beta is beta but I've been unable to get hotline miami to work when downloaded through Galaxy, getting it the old way from GOG it works fine."
"He's not wrong, it looks like incredibly badly rendered fire. This isn't something we should be seeing in 2015."
"Really? You sound like some people in the Steam forums saying it's my fault for not making a local backup of all my save files. This should not be my responsibility. The game should be working on release. NRS hired whomever was resposible for the port, and they decided to release the game on Steam, so whether you like it or not, it IS their responsibility."
"I'm sure if we had good, AAA survival games, people would eat that shit up. But all we have are unfinished, buggy shit with Survival aspects, so it's either that or nothing. That being said, The Long Dark is the best survival game I've played, and while it's in Early Access, you'd hardly know it, it's so well polished. It's the only survival game I don't regret buying, and probably the only one that's not a buggy mess."
"It was a fantastic game, I'd really love to see some of the heroes come to DotA 2... :(. But, aside from /u/Calculusbitch response which is also true, people played HoN as it was the first next-gen graphics moba and as good as we would get to a better graphics DotA. Then alas, DotA 2 was announced and released. Everyone went back because all we ever wanted was a updated DotA. HoN just remained as a place holder until the full course meal arrived.

I iterate again, some of the hero design was out of this world and completely unique. I'd really wish S2 and Icefrog would work out some sort of ... merger for the hero roster. "
"The thing I remember most about HoN was that it had a god awful community and no controls for it.  I heard it eventually did get controls a'la Dota 2, but while I was playing it, you had griefers who would suicide repeatedly, rampant name calling, racism, etc.  No matter how competent you got at that game there was always someone better who would be an asshole about it."
"&gt; but while I was playing it, you had griefers who would suicide repeatedly, rampant name calling, racism, etc.

Even more funny, the fucking lead dev did that."
"Dude they've been working tirelessly (albeit slowly) for about 7 years, and they're still at it. If they have that kind of commitment when they're not even being paid, it suggests they'll be even more committed to delivering after this. "
"&gt; Made by Robomodo

Sadly, list of Robomodo's [past projects](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robomodo) does not inspire confidence. "
"Is that 30 million active accounts, or 30 million downloads of the client? Because I have it installed on my phone, tablet, laptop and desktop (yet somehow I'm still terrible at it...)"
"Wow, Grandia, Suikoden II and now this? If they release the original PS Valkyrie Profile they'll have gone a long way to tanking the overpriced eBay resale market. Digital will never be the same as physical where collectors items are concerned but I always thought it was a real bummer that so many people missed out on great games because getting them used cost an arm and a leg."
"No, Shell gets dragged back inside by a seperate robot. One similar to Atlas and P-Body. Glados stays down until Wheatley reactivates her."
"S2 Games fucked me over by having a promo a while back where you can unlock all heroes for $30. Then like a week or 2 later, they released every hero as free."
"Agreed, if Steam's DRM were the only thing the company was doing wrong I'd still love them. Sadly, customer service, questionable business practices, and the like also weigh in and lower my opinion of them. Anything that challenges the monopoly even slightly is a good thing to me. Consumer options are never bad."
"In hindsight it really was a mistake to have no DLC for Magicka. It could have had nice parody box art! It would prob have gotten us in to legal trouble though, so maybe it was for the best."
"The GOG Client is purely for the convenience of not having to download all your GOG installers separately and managing your installations yourself. Since GOG doesn't use any form of DRM, you can chose to use the Galaxy client or not. I'll probably switch over to using it just to make everything easier, because I'm lazy."
The steam release reimagines and updates the original Half-Life story until Xen. We're still working on the Xen chapters now. 
"That's your opinion, one that apparently isn't shared by everyone, most people rarely say anything and that's how it's always been

If everyone truly was upset with the game they'd stop playing it, that's how most MP games play out they die out if people aren't satisfied

Not going to argue about SMGs because it's pint less but not watching pro matches they're not that effective except for second doing buys"
"This is an awkward one. I've played the mod as is, and loved it.

I'd very happily pay to help them apply some polish, re-coup something for their efforts so far and finally finish Xen. I'm happy to see them on the Steam store page where they belong, and I hope this brings them a decent paycheque and a lot of publicity.

But I'm loathe to support the Early Access platform. It's garbage and needs a complete reset with some proper quality control. I'm largely opposed to the concept of buying games before they're finished. I shelled out for Star Citizen and a big part of me regrets going back on my principles for it. 
"
"Steam's ""outdated"" infrastructure has never bothered me. It's a client that has all my games, friends, a convenient store with updated sales daily, fast downloads, and a ton of nice little features that can make my gaming experience better.

Origin works well enough as a store and client. I go there whenever EA has a worthwhile exclusive to buy (which is admittedly rare for me). I hear their customer service and refund policies are good, but I never run into situations where I need either of those things.

Steam and Origin overall aren't even remotely in the same league tbh. Steam is like the heart of my PC's gaming ecosystem; I'm always signed in no matter what I'm doing. Origin on the other hand just feels like an obstacle that's in the way of EA games. Sometimes it's enough to make me reconsider even buying a game so I don't have to deal with it. Part of it is laziness, but another part is that it's a really pointless service."
"&gt; And Valve as a game developper - from the viewpoint of someone playing a bit CSGO - is ridiculous.

Valve constantly support 3 top tier games which have more daily concurrent players than 100 games combined that come after them on Steam, thanks to the continues support from Valve. They just released probably the biggest balance patch in Dota 2 history and are preparing for one of the biggest e-sports tournaments this year - The International. 

128-tick server for CS:GO sounds good on paper but you are deluding yourself if you think that it's so easy to implement and that it will work for everyone (it won't). Unranked more would be nice but not having it for now doesn't mean they are bad at developing their games which you presumed. "
"I don't think enough people know about Concerned: The Half-Life and Death of Gordon Frohman, so [I'm linking it](http://www.screencuisine.net/hlcomic/) for everyone's benefit. If you've played HL2, you have to read this webcomic."
"That and claiming its 'back to basics' but then has 'power ups' and 'projectiles'? Really want to know more about that...

Plus 'seamless online'? Sounds like always online.."
Nijah Houston is probably the biggest.  He was in American Wasteland too I believe when we was like 14.  
If I read it correctly you can also rollback to an earlier official version. Which verifying won't do. You can only have the newest official version on steam. So eg. if an update breaks your mods you can't do anything until the mods get updated. With rollback you could continue to use your mods until they get updated.
"Odd excerpt from the article:

&gt;The Kickstarter campaign for ORION: Prelude officially kicked off on January 17th, 2011 and within the span of a month managed to garner $17,686 of its initial $10,000 goal, becoming the first AAA title to successfully utilize Kickstarter.

""AAA"" is an even more meaningless term than I thought if *Orion: Prelude* is considered a AAA project."
"Super Paper Mario is actually worth a play-through, I believe. It's nothing like the first two, but it's still a lot of fun. The story, though, set's itself apart as one with a lot of twists, few cliches, and among the darkest of any Mario game. (There a part where you get spontaneously murdered and wind up in the Mario Universe's version of hell man)

TTYD though, is still a game that I can pick up any time and enjoy playing through. Easily one of my favorites of all time. I still keep it and the original around in case I ever find an N64 or Gamecube at a garage sale."
"This is probably a dumb question/thought, but could the leak for the ""portal"" set just mean the big portal that the base package comes with? As cool as it would be for a Portal (game) themed pack and possible sets, part of me is thinking that this may just be the basic portal.

I am probably wrong, but aside from Minecraft I just wouldn't expect Lego to pick up a video game license! "
The benefit is not having to download patches manually and install them.  That alone is worth it.  Don't you remember fileplanet and gamefront?
"Far Cry is the only one in that list I would agree with. Though I don't know much about Don't Starve, Skyrim's NPC interactions were anything *but* realistic. Seems like, if the mods that have fixed it are anything to go by, they skimped on the npc factions alignments."
"[On March the 17th 2010, it was announced that Co-op would no longer be featured in Black Mesa. Due to the great amount of problems to port and make Co-op code working, the developers decided to stop its development and focus only in Single-Player and Deathmatch.] (http://wiki.blackmesasource.com/Black_Mesa:Co-op) :("
"Not alone there. I mean...

http://www.mobygames.com/images/shots/l/178280-tony-hawk-s-pro-skater-2-windows-screenshot-choosing-a-character.jpg

You'd really have expected more improvement from *fucking Tony Hawk 2* after this many years. The face still looks like they just pasted a JPG onto the body."
"Personally I was only ever in the loop because of the games, so it stands to reason why I also don't know any of the new names."
"&gt; I don't think this is a franchise that has completely deprived the PC market of releases.

...and yet, the games you listed mean it's been **a full decade** since the last one, not counting the remake. I totally get why Ride and Shred weren't ported but the last one was American Wasteland in 2005..."
"I miss the days of putting in All Green Lights, Peds have Weapons, Peds Riot, and Peds attack you.  Good fun"
"TL;DW- The instruments look the same and play the same as RB2 instruments, they're just tweaking them to perfection. And no, the strum bar doesn't click."
"Just to get an idea of how much progress some people lost, how much playing do you have to do to unlock everything in The Krypt? If you don't want to just pay 20 bucks to unlock it all of course."
It's also messed the [resolution](http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/38622438986633737/3F4AB49CA3E5402209EEC786DDBC253081002451/) up too. Changing it didn't help.
"&gt; My gut tells me that this is going to basically be a nostalgia-fueled cashgrab. 

It's not a coincidence that, after oversaturating the market and killing their golden geese, Activision is bringing back Tony Hawk and Guitar Hero at the same time."
"&gt; **Crossplay**
&gt;
&gt; Crossplay-enabled games offer online play between GOG and Steam. Because where you buy your games shouldn't prevent you from playing with friends. 

Wonder what this entails exactly, do they have some kind of deal with Valve? Some way that Galaxy and Steam are interconnected? ~~Or does it allow for operating the Steam client from the Galaxy client?~~

EDIT: My money for the moment is on Steam/Galaxy being connected somehow. From the FAQ:

&gt; Cross-play doesn't require any setup or configuration. Steam users won't need to create GOG.com accounts or install GOG Galaxy, while GOG.com users won't need to create Steam accounts. Just log in, launch your game, and start playing online!

EDIT2: Just noticed [the video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=20&amp;v=nyYW9AOWh-8), from the transcript:

&gt; Regardless of which digital store you buy your games from, we don't think you should be locked into it. We strongly believe that you should be free to play together with all your friends, without any third‐party client apps or accounts required. We call this CROSS PLAY.

During this the video depicts multiple networks, initially separated, being connected to one another. 

If this isn't some kind of connection of the social networky aspects of Galaxy with Steam and such I don't know what they're trying to suggest. Anything less than a list of what your friends in other networks are playing (with the ability to join them) seems, to me, to conflict with what they're saying. Of course a good part of this is wishful thinking."
"&gt; Just to get an idea of how much progress some people lost, how much playing do you have to do to unlock everything in The Krypt? If you don't want to just pay 20 bucks to unlock it all of course.

About two hours, if you use Cheat Engine to give yourself a few million coins."
"So can i with an MP3, bought @Amazon. Amazon literally forced labels to adopt their policy. Not saying that GOG can do the same, but it's not impossible."
"It looks so bad when they are selling krypt unlocks, and then somehow nuke everyone's hours of progress.

Apparently they didn't do any QA for their own patch, or were okay with this. 

If they can't fix this, they need to just dole out massive amounts of koins.  Massive amounts.  I mean, I also lost all my faction progress, which I probably won't ever get back, but don't erase my progress in the krypt then say sorry while you are selling a way to get it back. "
"....its tony hawks pro skater. If you can't get over fire being unrealistic you're in for a surprise when you actually play the game.

It's more the fact that people are being asses about how it doesn't look like fire. Yeah its shittly done but come on, its clearly fire."
"&gt; The Monty Python of gaming. Unsophisticated, crude, kinda smart, hella funny

I like that, it's exactly what this game is and it does it fantastically."
"Unrelated, but why is the slide blowback on the handgun so slow? It's almost imperceptible in real life, but in the game it's like it's in super slow motion.

"
"Game would've probably grown bigger and faster if they had kept everything f2p and chose to make money with cosmetics. Early access heroes just worsened people's view of the game. 

I think the biggest problem for the game was S2's marketing. The F2P/store and early access decisions and deciding to split the community by region (some people could no longer play with friends). I think they also marketed to SEA/Asia too late. I saw the number of active players go up but by that time LoL was already popular.
"
"I think you're actually right, and everyone is just getting overly hyped for nothing.

But I hope you're wrong :(

Edit: although it does specifically say level pack, and the description mentions level packs let you expand the universe in game."
"I will.... have to get back to you on that. I want to say no but I am not sure. 

If anything you can always connect a controller to the PC and try it out there first! Exactly the same layout :)"
"You don't have to switch. GOG isn't a requirement to play games you buy from them. Its entirely optional and that's the premise of their platform. Everything is optional. Don't like achievements and pop ups? Turn it off. Don't like be messaged in chat while gaming? Turn it off. Essentially they give you options and as PC gamers that is like one of the core tenets. We want options, we want FOV sliders, we want more resolutions and aliasing options.

GOG Galaxy does just that. Sure you may have a huge library on steam and that's perfectly fine. No one is saying you should ditch that in favor of GOG Galaxy. Not even CD Projekt is necessarily saying ditch steam for them. What GOG Galaxy offers that Steam doesn't is the peace of mind that if you lose your internet connection for the day or if their severs are down and you can't get Galaxy to work......you'll be alright because your games will still work regardless. That is the beauty of no DRM. 

So I would recommend that you use GOG in addition to Steam. GOG doesn't have the same catalog but if you want re-experience your favorite gaming classics or you want to purchase a non-drm copy of a game being made by CD Projekt themselves then why not use GOG? It is simply another option and PC Gaming's best feature is having options."
Personally thought this was Dan's best QL by far. His antics totally suited this game and I was laughing the entire time.
"Yes. It's a new (experienced) developer, new engine, thoroughly tested by several internal and external QA teams and generally all round a lot more polished. 

Don't worry :)"
"I really doubt you'd see them, they pretty much *have* to built in the game, you can't add them as an afterthought."
"It's actually sad, but my journey to wait for a Komplete version for around $5 in a couple of years gets more satisfying everyday. I'm a patience gamer."
"This is painful. I was sure Xen would be included in this release. Back to the waiting game, I suppose. At least steam lets you know when a game comes out of Early Access. "
"I did not care about this game a month ago. Then I started watching the gameplay stuff and god dammit, now I need it. Still waiting for reviews before I buy, but the hype is very much real now."
"I was surprised how comfortable it was, actually. I'm a bit inexperienced with controllers and rarely think they outshine mouse/keyboard - yet in this case I believe that I will play on controller even though it's on PC.

You won't be able to pull of MLG 11 year-old-kid ADD-reflexes moves too easily though."
"&gt;  You can't really lend games to your buddies as much as you want,

Um, yes you can. You can't play any of your games when your buddy is ""borrowing"" one of yours, but you can do it as much as you want. "
"It seems the matchmaking (and maybe community features like friends) are connected, so if you search for an online match on GOG you can play on a server with Steam users."
"This is one of the biggest issues I have with ""payment for progress"" style micro-transactions. It is SOOOO easy to completely wipe out progress and effectively change stuff locally so that transactions are effectively wasted or of no use anymore... Your HDD died over the weekend, or your PC needed to be reformatted, goodbye any progress you just paid for via micro-transactions.

Call me old school but I always like to know that there is something tangible attached to any payment or transaction involving money, either physical or virtual, or at least some way to get back value from old purchases. Any 'single-use' misconstructions in any type of video game are a big no-no for me.

I personally think that pretty much all micro-transactions or virtual payments in games should only be done if they are attached to a persistent account or profile (i.e League of Legend skins) since they will always remain valid and you always have a way to get back purchases in the event of accidental local data loss.
"
To add to that 70/30 is pretty standard industry wide and not limited to just games but most software distribution platforms/gateways loke the app store.  Think the lowest I ever saw was a 20/80 split but its fairly uncommon
"Huh. $20 is an awkward number. Its definitely justified in terms of content but it is also a free mod and both do not include the last third of the game. If they just waited and included Xen and didnt make it Early Access I think it would make a lot more sense in my opinion. I mean it sounds like they are relatively close to finishing Xen (We've heard that before) I just don't see the point, especially after long Broken Age took."
"I'm not a fan of the MK series, so I haven't followed this too much... But why are all these patches so huge? I've seen posts about a 10GB patch that made things worse, and now this 15GB patch which was even worse off than the last.

Aren't patches usually much smaller? Or is this just a total mess of code that didn't get optimized well?

Either way, it's pretty shameful that the pc port is so terrible and further reinforces why we shouldn't preorder things because there's a massive variance in quality these days."
This game almost seems too good to be true. Every video I watch gets me more and more psyched to buy it.
"My main problem with GOG was that there wasn't a good client. I don't like a whole lot of shortcuts on my desktop for single things, so a client is exactly what I want."
"It reminds me a bit of the old notorious [Postal](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Postal_%28video_game%29) game and Running With Scissors studio, albeit with less of the overt offensiveness. 

Just amusing fun, not trying to take itself seriously at all. "
"Man there is an awful lot of criticism in this thread for a team that stuck to their guns for 10 years to bring us this. Even the least well off of people can make $20 in a day, and that's all these guys are asking for a fresh approach to one of PC gaming's most classic experiences.

In this case I think its ok to put the pitchforks down."
"I feel sorry for Gamersgate.  I haven't heard of it until now, but I instantly thought of the GamerGate hashtag."
"I'm confused. Once you are in game, doesn't the game client itself handle the connection to the game servers? "
"As of about 20 minutes ago High Voltage have pulled the patch from steam to try and resolve the save data loss.

[Announcement Here](http://steamcommunity.com/games/307780/announcements/detail/134324112481126114)"
It seems to be attached to firerate (understandably). So assuming they didn't want the deagle to be shot as fast as you want. Kind of a slower weapon. I guess it would look and feel really jarring if you couldn't shoot for what seems like no reason. The animation signals when you can fire again.
"The physics were completely off, it was glitchy, and the controls were bad. Also Robo made a lot of awful core changes to the gameplay (your Special meter decreases no matter what when you're in a combo, it's much harder to gain momentum, you don't automatically gain momentum when you grind). It doesn't even have a Skip Track button, something that was there since the *first game.*"
"UPDATE: Many users are reporting a complete save reset after installing the patch. Backing up your saves doesn't help either

https://steamcommunity.com/games/307780/announcements/detail/134324112481126114

From the link:
We are temporarily removing the patch until we can pinpoint the cause of save data loss. We are actively working on this and will keep everyone posted as we work towards a fix. We sincerely apologize for this disruption."
The problem is when it comes to a lot of these 'wildlife interacts' its just that the wild life is trying to kill you no matter what. 
"Upgrading my computer and I haven't played a game more recent than Skyrim. The new video card gave me Witcher 3 included with the purchase so I'm hyped, but I haven't even played Witcher 2 yet so I'm also a little pissed I have so much catching up!"
"High Voltage has just rolled back the patch while they figure out what they broke. So for anyone who just finished downloading 15gb, you get to download another 15gb to get the same version of the game you had this morning. This whole thing is inexcusably stupid. I cannot for the life of me imagine how a patch gets past QA when it deletes the data of every single person that applies it."
"Iirc, this is the last year of Tony's contract with Activision. Something crazy like 13 years. Understandable they would try to get one more game out of it. Makes sense to pair Guitar Hero with it though, especially considering those rock band rumors were correct. "
"The mod was released with a couple chapters severely cut. I think it was Surface Tension and on a Rail that were slashed by more than half the maps. On of the devs continued to work on these and released the uncut version of these chapters on ModDB. I just recently played through Black Mesa with these chapters restored and felt that they greatly improved the overall gameplay and cohesion of the story, especially Surface Tension. 

Will these uncut chapters be included in the steam release? If not will they be able to be installed from the ModDB versions?"
"ST and OaR uncut aren't in the steam version. That being said, Chon (the creator of both) is working on getting both onto our workshop soon, so you'll be able to play them."
"Wait, have we confirmed that the roll back patch doesn't restore saves?

That's so frivilous. 

EDIT:  According to the people on the steam forum, yes.  Roll back doesn't restore saves.  Fantastic."
"Wasn't Hearthstone first presented by Blizzard as a _side project_ developed by a small team? 

Now it must be generating more money than Diablo 3 and Starcraft 2. If these games already took so long to come, we have to wonder how many small hearthstones Blizzard will make before deciding to spend tons of money in Diablo 4, Starcraft 3 or Warcraft 4..."
"No, that's an assumption on my part since I think my data synced post-patch, but I shouldn't present it as fact. I'm not going to clog my slow connection for a couple hours just to get a version of the game that's barely functional, so I'll have to wait and see once a fixed patch is available."
"Seriously.  I work in software QA.  It would be functionally *impossible* to release a patch that wiped out all user data without either having gigantic, massive, gaping holes in your QA process or simply just doing no testing whatsoever.

"
"Just ran into this over on the forums:

&gt; It is out there in a limited numbers and the current alpha users will get it tomorrow likely. Key reason for this is that last week we've extended access to Galaxy alpha to all the owners of The Witcher Adventure Game, Alien vs Predator and few other titles, so the number of people with access to it grew from thousands into hundreds of thousands... And as all alpha users started with the same update channel, updating one person with auto-update would update everyone else, making it impossible for us to do a slow rollout. 

&gt;So for now we have a smaller group of people testing and tomorrow afternoon we should push the update to all of you.


http://www.gog.com/forum/general/gog_galaxy_client_closed_alpha/post2207
"
"Red Dead Redemption had people being fucked up by wolves, or chasing horses, or bucks ramming each other with their horns, too."
"I can't imagine why anybody would be OK with a patch that wipes user data.

The more I think about it the more I think that what probably happened is that they didn't have the bandwidth or the time to run a full regression on the patch, so they dumped it on one or two testers who's normal test plans don't cover anything involving user data.  Failure in managerial oversight.  I've seen similar things happen before in enterprise software.  "
"gog will still suffer because they won't allow drm preventing them from getting new games and being a true competitor.

that said, i'm very excited for this to start happening and I hope people stick with it and publishers see that they can make money here. Valve isn't the happy consumer 'friendly' company we want to believe they are because of steam sales."
"I don't know about *first person*, but honestly it'd be kind of awesome to play Magicka using a VR Headset so you're looking down on the action as though it were on a tabletop..."
"They never gave steam keys, their games are DRM free so you download the game and install on as many computers as you like. No accounts required."
Monty Python wrote Sit on My Face. They are also pretty popular for a joke about HUGE... TRACTS... OF LAND! Crude is *not* outside of their wheelhouse sometimes.
I heard that you should be fine as long as you don't launch GTAO with the mod files in your game folder.
"Things like turn rate, cast point, and cast time (what I think you're referring to as input lag) are core mechanics in Dota 2 and are used to help balance a lot of things. It's highly unlikely that they will ever go away."
"It would take minutes if you were looking for it.  What if your testbed didn't even have save data to begin with because you normally just do stress/performance testing?

But yeah, when teams are in a hurry, ""boot it up and see if it runs"" happens more often than you'd think.  Usually called smoke testing.  It's not generally comprehensive."
"To unlock everything in the Krypt it costs 1.9mil coins.  That's including all the concept art and stuff, to just unlock all the chests with good bits like brutalities and skins costs around 560k. In ~50 hours of playing I made probably around 25k, but a lot of that is private matches which don't give any koins aside from challenge completions.  You also get about 50k koins just from finding all the traversal items in the Krypt, and there are a bunch of chests you can open that reward you with a couple k koins and don't cost much to open.  That said it still would take a ton of time to get everything."
"High Voltage did this one, right?  Wow, they're really bad with these ports, huh? I remember when they did the Zone of the Enders HD Collection and made it actually perform worse than the original release, so bad in fact that Kojima actually stalled work on a then-in-development sequel game to patch the game *themselves* and make it look and perform better several months after it launched. That's pretty bad if they felt they had to do that. I think, knowing that and the experiences with the terrible MKX PC port, they shouldn't be allowed to port a game this notable again until they prove themselves worthy.  I've seen studios just as small do significantly better work (Bluepoint, Grezzo, Sanzaru Games) and this really isn't doing High Voltage any favors because it isn't even close to par for the course. "
"&gt; In ~50 hours of playing I made probably around 25k

Huh? In about 40 minutes I made 36k Koins by getting a gold rating on the Klassic tower. I have 33 hours and have unlocked the whole Krypt minus the timed chests and have 80K sitting in the bank."
"I'm really excited about this. It's become more and more apparent that Valve is lagging behind in a few key areas when it comes to Steam, but because Steam is unmatched they're never forced to solve those problems. With CD Projekt Red entering the fray, I'm hoping that Steam and GOG Galaxy can compete with each-other and make their respective companies take note of the flaws with their platforms."
"The Humble Widget split is 95/5, ""after payment processing and taxes"". But that won't provide any storefront visibility. The Humble Store split is 75/15/10 (publisher/Humble/charity).

https://www.humblebundle.com/developer"
"I never did story or any of the towers, just online vs and KOTH, and lots of those were private.  Seems like single player content gives a lot more koins."
"Yes. The base game is free, and has limited plays on one table, and you buy the tables you want. There is no pay2win as far as i remember, i own one table for it, a marvel one."
"I just downloaded the 15GB patch, and now it's downloading another 15GB patch, pretty shoddy patch management.

I guess the benefit of MS/Sony charging developers to push patches does increase the QA before they go out to avoid this kinda thing..."
"Oh hey, my mod!
If you're interested, you can download it here: https://www.gta5-mods.com/scripts/ped-riot-chaos-mode

It was of course inspired by the Crazy Ped cheat (though the one from GTA 3, I never played SA!)

~~Edit: The link above may be temporarily broken while the latest update is approved on the site. I wanted to get an update in which fixed a minor bug before the Reddit surge got ahold :)
In the mean time, here's a Dropbox link:~~
Edit: link is now active again :)

Here's the discussion on gtaforums:
http://gtaforums.com/topic/790606-vrel-ped-riot-mode/"
"It's awful, isn't it? You can't even trust a classic game series like MK to *not* get fucked up nowadays. I'm a very patient gamer as well, but this shit's brutal. "
Until then Gamesave Manager with the folder synced with cloud services like Dropbox is a pretty good alternative. It's what I use for Steam games that don't offer cloud saves.
"The problem is, that major publishers won't jump on the ""No DRM"" train - old games, indie titles and stuff directly from cdpr will probably be the only things you'll ever get on gog."
"ZoE HD was indeed quite terrible, however, as far as I'm aware, KojiPro didn't fix it themselves, but handed it off to HexaDrive, who did Okami HD among other things.

The result was a game that looked better, ran at twice the framerate and even output the HUD at 1080p while scaling up the game, something that was rather rare for PS360 era games, but should have been done more often.

Unfortunately, only ZoE2 received that treatment, and even that patch was PS3-only. Playing ZoE1 HD and a patched ZoE2 HD back to back is a jarring experience."
"Can you make a mod where pedestrians get no weapons, but they all aggro on the player and cops or something? Would be a passable zombie mode mod at that point."
"If the OP is right that the save files got replaced, I'm not sure how they would be able to restore people's progress. Unless Steam's cloud keeps backups of old saves, which I'm not sure it does."
"Same reason Killing Floor 2 animated the barrel of guns bending slightly under the pressure despite the fact it's too fast to notice without Zed-Time.

It's fucking awesome."
"I can confirm this, been playing modded for a week, this mod's actually my favorite one. Look no further than my [Album o' Proof](http://imgur.com/a/LR5JJ), just be sure to **remove the mod files/move them to another directory if you want to join GTA Online**"
"Can't you just make a Games folder and put the shortcuts in there? 

I have my desktop as barebones as possible, so I made a Games folder, moved my shortcuts and changed the folder image to a custom one. "
Their browser in the in game overlay is horrible. Extremely slow and lacks some very basic features such as a search bar or one integrated into the URL bar.
"To be fair, they didn't really *retcon* the ending or anything, they just *extended* the scene to show you getting dragged back into the facility by an automated system (an automated system which GlaDOS actually *referenced* in a dialog earlier in the game)."
has there been any feedback from R* regarding if this will get you banned? I loved this mode in the other games but I'm little hesitant to install this one due to R* strictness on GTA5
I paid 20. I was happy until today. 20 dollars for some local beat the shit out of my friends was perfectly acceptable to me.
"Man, it seems kind of weird to see a TH game without Bob Burnquist, Chad Muska, or Bam Margera in the roster.

Granted, I haven't really played one of these games since American Wasteland..."
"They're having to replace chunks of the game to fix it. The game is still 35GB in size, but 15GB of it has to be reinstalled."
"Man the PC situation for Mortal Kombat is so disappointing. I really wish I had a next gen console so I didn't have to play a broken version of this game. Just when you think developers are starting to value PC gaming more, you get shit like this."
"It might be easier than you think. DRM already gets broken almost immediately after release, and in many cases even before release. Companies do realize this by and large. The way I've heard it told, the goal of DRM is not to last forever, but to hold just long enough to get through the initial release period where the majority of sales are made. There are a few exceptions of course where companies like Ubisoft and EA persist in their long-broken, unpopular DRM schemes, even with their Steam copies which already come with unobtrusive DRM, but it's generally the case.

We went through the same issues with music. Today, though, companies like Amazon and Apple sell virtually all (if not all) music DRM-free if I'm not mistaken. I think GOG has major long-term potential/momentum behind it. The only thing that gets on my nerves is the ridiculous currency conversion fee I get charged by my bank on every sale for service which surely must cost them almost nothing to render."
"To sum it up, it used to be pretty good back in beta. However, S2 made a number of really stupid mistakes which drove the player base away. Also, once Dota 2 was announced S2 was forced to create their own unique heroes, which aside from a few exceptions were pretty shitty. 

Looking back on the game as well the things that stick out are just how fucking shitty the community was. I mean, the head of S2 would just play pubs and fucking flame people in them with racial slurs. He was a real fucking dirt bag.

Probably my other big complaint with the game is how much they pandered to the ragers and flamers, and how much their game just enabled them. While the genre is known for its share of assholes HoN was just on an entirely different level. Having trivial stats such as K:D visible to anyone was painfully stupid, especially because it was an average across all of your games.

What that meant is that the guy who just plays carry and focuses on getting kills would seem like a great player based on stats, where the guy who supports or does a mix of roles might have much more 'muted' stats. 

The game also had a vote kick system which only worked in situations it wasn't intended to work in.

Guy intentionally feeding over and over? Enemy team will never kick him because it's a free fucking win.

One player happens to be the punching bag for his 4 teammates, and does something to piss them off? Enemy team will totally kick him because, again, free fucking win.

They also pandered to them with some of the stupidest, most childish taunts and skins you could think of. 

In the end HoN died off because S2 just sort of managed to piss everyone off at one point or another. A botched f2p adaption, shitty childish skins, poor new heroes. All of these contributed to the games fall. "
So... what does software QA typically entail?  I don't work for High Voltage.  I'm just asking for a friend.
"I'm pretty sure it was an April Fool's day joke that people found hilarious, so they made it and released it."
They're essentially just overwriting parts of the game and rather than overwriting the essential parts they've just reuploaded everything except the cutscenes it appears.
"People who have a backup save are able to get their progress back. If you didn't make a backup then progress will still be lost no matter which version of the game is installed. 
"
"The important thing to remember that people are forgetting to bring up is that the PC version had increased coin drops until like last week, where the amount of coins you received were reduced to bring it inline with the console versions of the game.

I have 30 hours in the game prior to the patches they dropped the last two weeks, probably 10 of those hours were spent in practice mode and online matches. The rest of the time was spent on story, towers and AI matches. I had almost everything in the Krypt unlocked. "
"Used to work in QA, there is no way any tester who values their job would not notice this. Chances are that this issue didnt crop up until live or they literally had no testers work the patch which seems unlikely. 

Interesting to note that this is benefit of Sony/MS cert were this on console because this issue would be an insta-fail and get kicked back to the studio. Submission is expensive so it's essential that they get it right the first time. "
Any customer purchases esp through micro transactions should be in a database somewhere and that should have a local offline back up done every night when no one is there. Like that's common fucking sense. Why would I let the user be in charge of their own stuff? Hell why would I let devs be in charge of it? Data is sacred. That's stuff fucking matters. 
"&gt; I guess the benefit of MS/Sony charging developers to push patches does increase the QA before they go out to avoid this kinda thing...

I want to say they dropped that years ago.  Pretty sure you can just patch your games now, mostly because it was causing indie games to never be patched because they didn't want to drop 40 grand on fixing a couple bugs.
"
"MKX will never have playable netcode, let alone good netcode. It's a purely offline / tournament game and NRS has zero intention of changing that.

The PC version is straight up embarrassing though."
"Give it time. People said the same thing about music before Amazon pushed the marketplace in that direction.

You have to achieve critical mass before you can make big changes like that."
"Zombie mod would be awesome. I think for it to be passable, I'd have to change the animations somehow. Perhaps someone smarter than I can figure out that one!"
"One thing of note, apparently some people have a weird variance in koin earn rates on pc.  

Of the six people I know who play on PC, 2 of them earn about 25-30k koins for tower completion, and the rest earn between 2-3k for a similar or even better scoring performance on the same tower. 

I don't know why this happens, but it is strange.  

Story mode koin rewards also varied for these people.  

One got somewhere around 35-40k for completing story mode, another 75k.

"
"That's not even close to being a proper client. Shortcuts don't automatically update bug fixes, allow for quick uninstallation, and so forth.

Can't even count how many times I've had some random thing on a game break from Steam, and the first thing I do is click on the game and hit the link to their forums. Known problems are usually among the first forum posts. GOG games have the same thing, but having the link to the game specific forum *right there* is cool.

Anyways, it's more than just a list of shortcuts."
"If it makes you feel any better, I've been developing this mod and I'm not banned. It's a purely offline mod. I'm against online modding as it ruins the fun for other people, and I *think* that's what RockStar is concerned about, too."
"This game looks interesting, but I'm afraid it will never get past the ""cool sandbox but no goals"" phase like Space Engineers and many others like its ilk."
"No. That's stupid. I get the game being buggy, but there's no reason it should be so poorly optimized. I get framedrops all the time and My computer was able to run everything else perfectly at 60fps."
"All you people that own this game should be flinging a lot of shit towards WB/Nether Realm studios. To release a 15 GB patch with this apparent of a major issue means there was zero QA that went into it. It's a trend that needs to be stopped otherwise you'll be seeing more shit like this, and more shit like what Rockstar has been doing with the PC version of GTAV."
"Lots of reasons.

First, [the [S2]Maliken here ](http://patchtimer.org/uploader/files2/romothecus-1284590211-maliken.jpg) is the CEO of S2. So...that sucks.

Second, they had a lot of business model issues. First it was a normal pay-to-play game, then it went free-to-play with current owners getting almost everything free, then they added some things no one got without paying. Every change along the way upset the community and got people to leave.

Finally, though they have a lot of innovative and interesting heroes, the metagame is not as well maintained as the 'main' MOBAS. I also had the sense their matchmaking algorithms were weaker than their competition."
"A large part of buying games at release is playing multiplayer with people.  Netcode issues not withstanding, in a couple of years, there will be nobody playing multiplayer.  And the ones that do, will destroy you because its all they play.

If all you care about is single player, then its no big deal but while you might save a few bucks, your experience with certain aspects will suffer."
"What do you mean? Space Engineers is currently in the middle of adding entire planets to the game. They're no different than Minecraft was early in development, before The End was added to minecraft, there were borderline no goals outside of get ore, build more, get more ore, build even more. That was it, and that's essentially the same for Space Engineers. Or do you expect a fully fledged out game in Early Access? I'd rather them get the core mechanics down before they start adding other concepts to the games."
"Try to replace all of the NPC's with the zombie NPC you can sometimes find around the Hollywood area, eventhough it's just a guy dressed up as a zombie, he does look the part. Maybe find a way to only allow NPC's to walk as well."
"They lowered the amount of coins you earn? I don't want to seem cynical and I know coins are mostly used for superficial things like costumes, but why would they do that besides to make the $20 Unlock the Krypt DLC a bit more appealing to some people?"
"Either way, they need to be held accountable and made an example of. I'm told that QA is something that just doesn't properly happen in the tech industry and that needs to be changed."
"Holy shit this is an amazing feature: 

&gt;**Rollback** (soon)  
Sometimes game updates break things. Thanks to the built-in Rollback feature, you can restore your game to prior states with just a single click."
"The fact that you refer to them having competition in your definition of monopoly renders your definition of monopoly useless. A monopoly is an absence of competition. 

By a strict definition a monopoly is a situation where there is only one company providing a service; by a more useful definition it's when a company has such a large market-share that they can stop caring about quality of products and raise prices, usually because of a high barrier of entry. 

Steam has the best service, so has the highest market-share, so gets used a lot. If Steam stopped existing tomorrow, games would be released through any number of other storefronts. It wouldn't result in the complete absence of games which would be the end-result if Steam in fact was a monopoly."
"I think so, I dislike steam a lot.  Galaxy is going to do a lot of the same stuff steam does (achievements, store, ect) but when you don't need it you can shut it off so its not eating computer resources while you game. It's in beta right now so no hurry."
Wow. Now that's an obscure event. I don't even remember that. http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/news221104ps2demodiscusa
A new need for speed game releasing this year as well. But in other words im really excited for Mirrors Edge and hope that it does arrive in Early 2016.
"That is interesting, years ago EA said they wouldn't release a new NFS for a while because it would take some time to do the NFS we wanted, I'm interested to see what they think we wanted.


Also Mirrors Edge, we haven't seen much of it, hopefully it is awesome! Way more hyped for it than Battlefront."
"So DICE Stockholm is working on Battlefront AND Mirror's Edge, and they are releaseing that close to eachother? I didn't know they were that big to develop two AAA games simultaneously honestly."
I think they planned to take a one year break from NFS after Rivals did badly. Hopefully this one will be better thought out and not rushed.
"What the fuck happened in this thread?  I've never seen this many deleted comments and mod replies

Reading through it looks like posts were removed for memes.

If that's the case, isn't it kind of ironic considering this game is a big meme, filled with memes and references"
"Lol Minecraft is the perfect example, Notch had a lot of ideas to add Dwarf Fortress style features and goals, but then all he ended up doing was adding in random features that didn't do much towards the depth of the game.

Planets are nice, but that doesn't change the fact that beyond building shit, there's really nothing else to do, or anything to use your creations toward. And afaik, there's no real future roadplan for more more goal oriented game-play."
"It wasn't a ""haha lets lower the koin output so they pay us to unlock stuff"" situationi. There was a bug that was causing stuff you did already to pay you the same amount of koins as if you were doing it the first time. (This is the way it worked in MK9) They fixed that bug which led people to go ""omg they nerfed koins""."
"Not everyone on PC had this increase of coins. I never got more than 3-5k per tower but my buddy did get 30-40k.

I have 77 hours played and still don't have the majority of the krypt unlocked yet."
"This is not correct.  In many cases they're modifying huge files, if they need to replace chunks of data in a file, they're simply giving you a new version of the entire file.  It has a lot to do with how files are packed and compiled and less to do with ""how big they fucked up."""
"I don't really know how well it sold, but It was pretty buggy and had some big errors when it came out. In their [announcement](http://www.needforspeed.com/news/future-need-speed-0) that NFS wouldn't come out in 2014, they basically said they just needed more time to make the next game."
"The only thing that is impressive about the project after 10 years of development is that it didn't die off.

Projects like this are a revolving door of intermittent talent.  The current project lead was recruited in 2006 as a moderler/skinner, and more than likely the reason he is the project lead today is because he stuck around long enough to be the old guard. 

While I'm sure it has been a good learning experience for all involved, this project has been plagued by a myriad of amateur mismanagement issues that many such projects face.  The main reason the project is still alive imo is that most of the work is asset generation, which makes it easy for someone to contribute some work and then disappear.  I've seen similar projects die because they simply didn't have programmers capable of realizing their gameplay goals even though they had a myriad of people to create levels and models."
"If you actually followed development you'd see tons of ""We're not dead"" and missed release date type stuff.  Not to mention the revolving door of contributors and team members.

"
"Second 15gb patch they've put out, first one was a couple of days after release.

With the errors in this patch with the save deletion they've put out a third patch that returns the game to how it was before today's patch, that was also 15gb.

So within the 3 weeks the game has been released there has been 45Gb worth of patches for a 30Gb game (give or take)"
"I will be extremely sad if Mirrors Edge 2 is bad, because the first one is one of my favorite games of all time."
"Shouldn't I be able to get my money back from this shit? =\

I like the game, but can't even play it because online is so goddamn broken. Then they fuck up the patch. "
"The benefit comes at a cost though.  Instead of fixing little problems regularly as they came up, developers have to wait and fix a whole bunch at once since they only get one free patch or the dev just doesn't fix the game at all because it wouldn't be cost effective to fix it."
"Its possible, retroachievements.com has a special built emulator that has achievements for games and logs them on there website."
"GOG has always been fair and decent and I really wish them well with this. Specifically, I hope they know how to secure any marketplace they may have, and most importantly, don't take their customers for granted and offer real, legit, actually-helpful customer service. 
 
There's a lot Steam could be doing (a LOT) better. Go, GOG, go."
"At this point the pc version of MKX is almost comical. 

a 15 gig patch that erase all saved data, then another 15 gig patch to revert back to the old state. that's 30 gigs of patch in one day to bring you literally back to where you started.

This is the kind of high quality work we are seeing. "
"NRS deserves an equal amount of blame, since they outsourced the labor for the port to a know awful dev. "
"The original Half-Life disc release would wipe your c:-drive, if you uninstalled it without having patched the game. "
Here's the torrent link if you still want it: http://www.moddb.com/downloads/mirror/46684/101/9ec57d186819e250e37732876af6c8e8
"Atleast it's not as bad as having people on stage, holding controllers and pretending to play the game while you watch exactly the same footage they already revealed months earlier."
"I don't think it is really necessary for Gamersgate. The association with ""Gamergate"" is probably unpleasant, but it doesn't really compare with the association that forced Isis, the payment system funded by Verizon and other mobile carriers, to rebrand. "
"And minecraft's also a perfect example of why just being able to build shit is way more than enough to sustain a game.

I love minecraft mods for that reason. The best ones aren't the ones that give you bigger challenges to overcome, they're the ones that let you build, create, and explore more and better. 

The simple act of growing is satisfying to players. 

I mean why do you think city builders are successful? "
"Honestly they lost me at primarily multiplayer. XW/TF, Wing Commander, FreeSpace.. all those were great because they had great single player campaigns on top of stellar gameplay. FreeSpace is still going strong 14 years later because of modding of the *single player* game.


I rather dislike how *everything* these days has to be multiplayer focused. Give me a good SP game with a great campaign and great mod tools and I guarantee it will have lasting appeal."
"He was the CEO, definitely not a dev, and he is no longer involved in Heroes of Newerth following Garena's acquisition."
"How can it be based on real physics if they're keeping arbitrary speed limits?

Having that dogfighting/close combat gameplay that is so overwhelmingly stereotypical to the genre requires broken physics by default. "
"It depends on what type of QA you're doing, Core QA or Dev QA.

I work in Dev QA so that is what i'm most familiar with. Our responsibilities vary from maintaining stability with dev tools (as our tools are constantly being updated) and receiving new versions of the game on a daily basis. Our primary function when it comes to the software is to check new features as they are implemented into the game to make sure they are functioning (from a high level view) according to the design and that they don't set the game on fire. Once the feature gets OK'd by QA, it is checked into the main game software where Core QA will test it at length. We also have many tools to debug issues and provide more information to the developers working on fixing them and we also approve the versions of the game that are sent to Core.

It's been a while since i've worked in Core QA but the premise is still the same from when I did it (4-5 years ago). Core will receive new versions of the game, usually twice a week, on versions of the game that have been approved by Dev QA. They will then take these versions of the game, install them and test them from more of an end-user perspective over a slightly longer timeline than Dev QA. This is where the more drawn-out testing occurs, testing progression, achievements, metagame, etc. Core is also typically the team that will run the extensive list of test cases that are written to (hopefully) cover every bit of content in the game. Most of the horror stories and mind numbing work you hear about QA are Core QA stories."
I believe that was only if you installed the game to C:/ as the uninstaller just deleted the folder that the game folder was in 
"Do you know what a class action lawsuit is? He wasn't looking for $5 million personally, but for the entire group of consumers who bought Killzone

It's also smart for him to aim high, since the higher the potential losses for Sony the more likely they are to settle with him personally. Of course, we'll never know whether he actually got paid anything or not, since if he did get paid in the settlement he would have likely signed an NDA "
"Honestly, fair. I feel like EA really pulled it together after Sim City and has been being reasonable lately, and Origin really isn't a bad client. "
"He's using Minecraft as an example of why this is a bad thing, yet he's forgetting that Minecraft is one of the most popular games in the world to date, because of the gameplay aspect he's bitching about."
"Dude, what? This proves that you have no clue about how things work.

Transferring your Steam Wallet into actual currency opens up a pandoras box of legal red tape that stretches from here to infinity and beyond. Think about the amount of scamming that already happens to kids who don't understand basic account security with high-value items. Not to mention the tax implications for both the end-user and Valve. Have you ever thought about this idea critically?

Not being able to freely give games to your friends to play at any point, for free - gee, I wonder why a DRM service wouldn't want you to share your games freely between people. It's as if the point of Steam is to be a functional service that generates revenue. Steam Family-sharing is one of the nicest things I've ever seen. I come from a world where I had to install PC games from floppy disks and use my manual to hunt for the DRM word, though.

Unranked 5v5 comp was in beta. It was underplayed and there wasn't a reason to support it, when the spread of players was basically between comp 5v5 and casual 10v10. They have actually done a lot of very careful fine-tuning on the GO maps and they don't resemble the maps from classic CS on a granular level. You say they should support more gametypes but they don't support the game enough... you want more gametypes but you don't think they support the game, so why should they spread their resources thin to support games played by an absolute minority of players?

The cut valve takes from developers is pretty much an industry standard.

You should not complain about what you do not understand. The fact that his is voted up to the top proves to me that the /r/steam userbase is made up majorly of kids who don't understand how a business works."
"I have no complaints about Origin now, it's functional and the free game program has helped build up good will. Financially any year with a Sims base game release is probably pretty good for EA. I imagine most people hopes are now resting on Battlefront to see where that falls on the expectation/reality scale."
"Even better in Savage 2 (FPSRTS) the game prior to that, he would cheat spawn himself as a Malphas (a unit that required 20 souls, 20 kills respectively AND a special structure to respawn at it) whenever he was losing a game. :D Glad I played on EU servers!"
I don't think the sims 4 is at the levels of TS2 and TS3. Partly because of the ridiculous pool controversy but mostly because of the lack of casual PC gamers these days. Part of the appeal to TS2 especially is that it could be played on the family PC by casual people. Nowadays that casual crowd has an iPad and maybe a laptop instead of a regular PC and may not be able to run it. 
"I am pretty sure that if you installed to the default folder, it did that. I still have the disc around, but I am certainly not trying :P"
"Well, the pool was eventually added in for free if I recall correctly, but yeah you're right about the shrinking casual audience for the Sims games."
"It doesn't happen with games because we keep fucking buying it, one, and two, there's 0 fucking accountability. No refunds, no obligation to publicly address the fuckup, nothing. NRS is catching 0 shit for this. "
"I just have to say, this is amazingly amusing because I can remember having discussions in 2001 on the internet about how having a centralized client to manage game links is a fantastic fucking idea, because managing shortcuts on a desktop or a games folder could be a massive pain in the ass.

Things are cyclical. We're bouncing back from people wanting a client to... doing what we used to have to do in 1995.

Weird, weird, weird."
"&gt;Of course, we'll never know whether he actually got paid anything or not, since if he did get paid in the settlement he would have likely signed an NDA

It was dismissed by the judge with prejudice; he got nothing and can't create the same case again."
"Because we don't do shit about it. Like for real in any alternate universe we would make steam act like ebay or PayPal or amazon and fucking refund us from the seller in the even that they shit the bed on a PC launch. But nope, this happens, and arkham knight will still be wiping its ass with preorder money."
"Its almost like nobody held them accountable, and thousands of people preordered their next game anyway."
"There was also an Eve patch that overwrote c:\boot.ini many years ago. This unfortunately is not an unprecedented fuckup, but it's still inexcusable."
"I don't even understand why companies sell microtransactions in games like MKX when you can simply use Cheat Engine or a trainer off the internet to get coins. In online games people can't hack, but offline is just plain stupid."
"I like playing Battlefield 4. Release was a mess but it was released in 2013 as well as SimCity and they did actually listen to the complaints about the netcode and rewrote it. Sims 4 I would honestly say was a good release, it was stable, it's arguably the best base game in the series, and they added a bunch of free updates post-release which was previously unheard of for EA (added ghosts, swimming pools, new careers, etc). We have yet to see about Battlefront but I'm not going to judge until it's released. "
"They may do it like Star Citizen where the thrusters just counteract/cut out after a certain velocity. Having a full physics sim still plays into it though. Things like having thrusters knocked out or damaged making maneuvering more difficult or impossible, having explosions or projectile impacts move you about, these are things I love about SC's system and would welcome them in Starfighter Inc. "
"Which is only proof that there are things that are in Battlefront 2 that won't be in Battlefront, not that Battlefront will be bad."
"This was my major irritation. I don't need story completion since I don't care for Shinnok, but considering I had unlocked a ton of krypt stuff and was working through seeing all the fatalities and brutalities I unlocked, it's a major pain. Doubly so since even if they dole out a whole mess of koins, I have to do all the puzzle-y stuff in the krypt again.

I'm really bummed, I loved the game and had no problems before this patch, and I was looking forward to actually being able to play online without lag out the ass. Now I've just wasted 30 gigs of my data cap for nothing but lost progress. "
What are you talking about? It is one of the most loved games ever made by DICE. I only ever hear good things about it on reddit.
"I called it would be thrown out no problem.

Upscaled 1080 is still 1080. Its just a term.

If they say true 1080 or other relevant terms then there would have been a chance here.

Why are people always suing game companies anyways? I mean there are so many other shit companies out there to waste your time on."
"Mirrors Edge was such an *experience.*

You had the zen white background plat forming and then funky fresh beats for some quick paced actions. You were dancing on a mirror's edge.

There are so many reasons that game was good. Christ. They will test the waters with actually trying on 2, if it sells to their expectations they will start churning out either more sequels or games similar to it.

EA has just done so much wrong. I feel 2 will be ok because they have to TRY to make it bad."
"That's a really loaded way of saying that. They're just not adding in all the features of its decade old predecessor. ""Taken out"" implies it was done and removed, which isn't the case."
"At this point, I'm just going to forego everything released by Netherrealms on PC.  Three games already, and every last one was a massive fuckup.  Horrible netcode, and bugs galore.

Netherrealms can just keep their ass on the console.  Don't ever touch PC again if you're going to fuck it up this much.  It's getting so embarrassing now that's it's almost an insult."
His video you unlocked on THPS3 was insane. I'd never seen anybody do anything like that with a skateboard before. [Video](https://youtu.be/V1YeMXE6Wn4)
"Amazing how small the team that made it was. One of those rare games that didn't need a huge budget because the overall concept was so fantastic. 

Hopefully they have the same team behind it.
"
"A little googling turned up [this ancient thread](http://arstechnica.com/civis/viewtopic.php?f=22&amp;t=460940). Apparently it was the Sierra Utilities-stuff, and not Half-Life itself.

"
"There was multiple reasons for why they weren't included.

But for workshop, yes, it's as simple as hitting subscribe. It's then automatically uploaded onto your client."
"&gt;basically an HD remake

Yeah,  no.  The physics were absolutely terrible. Hell if you just ollie up to a rail while holding grind you snap to the rail,  immediately bailing upon contact and rocketing into the sky... THPS:HD failed at remaking the most important part of THPS,  really tight gameplay. "
"The ELI5 version: QA should test the patch on different system configurations and look for two things:

* Does it fix what it it's supposed to fix?
* Does everything else keep working?

This is typically done the same way a user will use the software; in this case by playing the game and trying to recreate the issues that were fixed.

QA is nearly always rushed and under pressure, and can miss problems because of that. Maybe for this patch they only tested on clean installs with no saved games because the managers told them they had half a day to test and full testing would have taken a week.

"
"I'm actually glad about this. EA seems to be making more consumer-friendly actions now, and like emmahyde said the Origin client isn't bad. It's been improved a lot since it's release.


I've been having lots of fun recently with Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare (very few issues at all), and I've gotten several free games like Syndicate, SimCity 200, Peggle, Theme Hospital and Wing Commander 3.


Although in certain games I feel there's too much focus on microtransactions in retail priced games (Battlefield, Dead Space 3 Singleplayer).

Let's hope EA continues on the road to regain former glory with Battlefront :)

Edit: formatting"
"Just seems kind of pointless to stress 'real physics!' when breaking them that severely. 

In fact, having all that thrusters knocked out/explosions/impacts stuff makes it worse. If this was an aether sailing ship, fine, whatever physics you want. But when you have all that real physics stuff, and then blatantly ignore the most fundamental, logical consequence of those physics, it becomes a huge, glaring omission."
"Having 560 employees doesn't make them better than any other studio, but it does allow them to work on multiple big projects at once, which is what the discussion was about."
"Except many people never need to deal with customer service, so they never get exposed to the poor service steam has in that department. 

I've been a pretty heavy steam user for around 4 years (tons of purchases, playing online, buying/selling auctions, etc) and never has an issue I needed to contact steam for. I feel my situation isn't that unique."
Often not QA's fault.  Managers/producers pushing to have too many features go out squeezing QA time to little or nothing.   QA knows if something gets out they will get blamed but often are not in control of holding a build to make sure that doesn't happen 
This video of him is pretty much what got me into skateboarding: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2g1oNJL5XMU
Well the reason I made one was because there were a few people on the steam forums posting about losing their progression. That was before the patch. Now pretty much everyone seems to have had their saves wiped. 
"I think it's mainly because now people are becoming aware that these all-in-one clients are potential security and privacy nightmares.

I myself prefer the UNIX Philosophy of many small programs meant to do one job each and do them really well.  My OS is meant to compile/install games, but I should have the choice of keeping my games where I want them to, hence GOG's method of letting you just download and keep them for yourself if you desire."
"I don't like holding on to the physical media or the hard drive space. I know HDD Space is cheap nowadays, but I like the concept of just uninstalling my game and letting it disappear into the cloud, until I decide that it is time to play it again.

It's so goofy to me to see folks wanting to return to what I consider the dark ages. I now know how my dad must have felt when I burst into his room and was like, ""Dad, have you heard of Johnny Cash?!"" I had all of this kid music to listen to and I wanted some country music star from when my dad was a kid to listen to...

It's just so goofy and weird to me. It's perhaps the only part of getting old that I enjoy - the long-term perspective on things like this.

Suddenly, bands that used to get shat on in my younger years are cool and ""retro"" to kids in high school now. I mean, what? My Chemical Romance is ""classic"" now? What the fuck happened.

And suddenly, people don't want an external service to manage their games for them. They want the media back.

It's all so circular! It blows my mind. Today is even my birthday. Woooo."
"There were actually a lot of things I didn't like about the game. The writing was pretty mediocre, even amateurish at times. And the game made it a point to push an objective on gamers as at the time it was a hot topic. I don't mind this really, but it felt forced and that made it all feel so cheesy."
"Once you level your mages/learn how to use them/use the potions, you won't need healing spells. 

I actually really enjoyed the game without healing spells. I found it very refreshing as opposed to every other RPG of all time where you must take at least one healer with you no matter what or you lose. Each class has its own way to sustain. "
"Also that every frame was 1920x1080,  it's not really upscaled, Guerilla just tried to find a way to get a bit better controller response 


Is definitely not the way this lawsuit portrays it, being immediately blurry "
"&gt; If they say true 1080 or other relevant terms then there would have been a chance here.

Well what does ""true 1080p"" even mean? Does every part of your rendering pipeline have to be calculated in 1080p? What about the Ambient Occlusion buffer? Or the Realtime Reflections buffer? Or the shadow buffer?

Every game engine and developer makes a lot of choices on how to speed up the rendering process. To say Temporal Reprojection is not a valid method of making ""real"" 1080p images is not much different from saying games aren't ""real"" 3D because they are made from polygons rather than continuous shapes.

What's even funnier in the Killzone case is that it took several weeks for anyone in the world to notice the reprojection thing - and the lawsuit came shortly after. "
"TIL a person can file a class action lawsuit and receive a settlement without a penny going to the ""class"" group."
"I heard lots of good things about Inquisition, about how it was back to form after Dragon Age 2 ... but I played for 6 or 7 hours and I was a bit disappointed. It does seem like a lot of cool mechanics and ideas from the series aren't available like you said. I find a lot of the character designs are just bad, Bioware can't seem to model a really awesome looking character to save their life. 

My main problem was the quests and gameplay. I'm fine with some amount of reptitiveness and padding but it was just too much, I got burned out in a few hours and people were saying the game can take 50+? No thanks ...

I'm playing The Witcher 2 right now and it's a lot better, especially the combat. So I'm hoping Witcher 3 is the first awesome RPG for my PS4 like I hoped Dragon Age was going to be."
"It's a limitation of the Unreal Engine. Data assets are cooked into large files for the game. Nothing Netherrealm can do about it besides change to a different engine, which WB won't do since that's what they build ALL of their games on."
I thought Plants vs Zombies 2 was actually really good and not impossible to beat without paying. Lot of cool new plants and zombies and the setting was good. They're still making updates for it.
"I have had a rough time with inquisition. I love origins and 2 but inquisition felt off to me. I never completed it either. 

Quests that aren't the main one,or companions, feel terrible. I miss choices, deep plots. Instead you pick up an item or go to a location and that's it. maybe that changes later but  from my play through that was it. A good example is the swamp area you hear the clan leaders son wants to kill you. This could have been an interesting quest with choices and depth. Instead it is just a fight.

Combat was good, but outside my duel wield rogue it felt unexciting. 

Areas felt pretty but still uninspired. I also despise rifts. 

I am going to give it another go but am not too excited. It is disappointing because I love the other two. "
"&gt; that's 30 gigs of patch in one day to bring you literally back to where you started.

30 gigs to make you lose progress, actually."
"As much as those concerns can be annoying mine is the 3rd act of the game. Try and keep this as non-spoilery as possible while still using context, but after you find the well everything story wise kinda falls apart, everything afterwards is set up for squeal baiting, and the final fight could of topped even Dragon age Origin. Having you push back what is rest of the enemy as they try and push in, having a rift open right above your very home that you kept protected this whole time. Having everything you invest in at this moment mean something.

instead they take the low rout, having what could be a great villain turn into a whiny child by the sudden and disappointing ending. 

Bioware in all their great world building glory and doing a pretty damn good job at the about the journey  then the destination' type stories as they've been doing almost their entire gaming carrier, they really are slipping when it comes to the final stretch of the story lately. I've said it before, its not as bad as ME3 or DA2, but its a low note for such a hyped up story. "
"In the DA universe healing magic is supposed to be time consuming and more of a therapy kind of thing rather than a combat thing. It makes more sense lore-wise for mages to prevent damage to their allies than repair it. The exceptions were characters like Wynne with the spirit of Faith and Anders with the spirit of Justice, who were probably hyper-augmented due to their possession. Similarly, spirit healers are the rarest specialists in Thedas."
You had good foresight. It's just unfortunate that the situation ever even arose that you'd require backups. 
"EA Access on my Xbox One was the best $30 (each year) I have spent so far. Now, I understand if you don't like sports games it may not be for you but that's not EAs fault that they are in the sports business. Just the sheer amount of ""free"" (I look at it as I bought one game and have been getting the rest for free) games has been awesome. I'm sure more games will continue to be added every other month or so.

Games that I can remember so far: Battlefield 4, UFC, Madden 15, NHL 15, NBA Live 15, Need for Speed Rivals, Peggle 2, Plants vs Zombies Garden Warfare and Fifa 14."
"Bioware and Bethesda are both on a quest to streamline the RPG experience as much as possible to make it appeal to more people and sell more copies.

They're making action games with RPG-lite mechanics sprinkled on top and people are eating it up, it's only going to get worse.

If you're after a deep and rich RPG experience then you're barking up the wrong tree, you're not their market any more. 

The in-depth RPG is now a niche genre and has been all but abandoned by AAA studios I'm afraid."
"&gt; In the DA universe healing magic is supposed to be time consuming and more of a therapy kind of thing rather than a combat thing. It makes more sense lore-wise for mages to prevent damage to their allies than repair it.

Sure, this would make sense if there weren't healing potions. Magic can do literally anything.. except mend flesh. But if you mix a couple herbs together they can patch you up instantly, no problems."
Have they ever heard of this sweet thing called delta updates? I thought Steam's new data system automatically handled that?
"Koins are in game currency you earn by playing that are used to unlock costumes and some finishers and bonus material in the krypt.  

It takes a LOT of koins to unlock everything.  A lot.  Hours and hours of grinding.  

"
"So the ripoff gets rewarded while the original is punished. Sounds pretty standard for the mobile gaming market, hence why I don't bother with it."
"This game really cemented how little they cared about the protagonist in this story.    
Like or loath 2, the dialogue choices you made had an outcome on your over all attitude and approach to things.    
You can be a smart ass in inquisition, but it doesn't hold through out the game. The way you speak to people is so droll. At one point my guy says to the weapon smith ""tell me about arms as armor"". As he was suddenly transplanted into an era where melee combat was foreign and said it in the most monotone way possible. I cannot relate to a character with 1 dimension that has to have simple concepts explained to it when it spent that last 45minutes stabbing deamons in the face with an sword. This game just oozes ""don't give a fuck""."
"The cards that this game were dealt are absolutely tragic. I remember hearing an interview with the creator and he sounded absolutely dejected about 2048 and the fiasco around the whole situation.

I have done what I can by buying multiple copies of Threes!. I just feel so bad for him."
"Well, a couple points:

1. The healing thing was explained. Bioware said healing is reacting, shield is acting. They didn't want players to keep reacting to the enemy, they want the player to have the initiative
2. You forgot what I think it's worst part of this game: it's boring. The world is amazingly beautiful but it's void of life. It plays like a single player MMO. You have the generic quests and poor NPCs without the massive multiplayer, it's the worst of both worlds. "
"Seriously, the mobile gaming market is possibly one of the biggest cesspools I've ever seen. Terrible policies all around."
"The creator has every single right to be pissed. I've been trying to make people buy the game for over a year now. They all say why should the buy it when they can just download a free version of it. 

GooglePlay is riddled with fake ass games and Threes! gets taken down. "
"MKX is *also* part of a pilot program with steam that installs the game in chunks to allow gameplay before the full game is downloaded. (IE: you could play as scorpion, sub zero, and a new character: kotal khan in 1v1 before story mode was finished downloading) I'm assuming that ""feature"" is interfering here."
"I couldn't agree more with your second argument. I'm sorry to admit it but *it is* boring. It's exactly like you said, beautiful but void of life."
"I actually like the game a lot and appreciate the greater insights we get into the lore. I can *understand* how certain design decisions make sense in-universe (limited magical healing, less blood mages).  What frustrates me about the game is because as part of a franchise it will always be compared to its precedessors, how much DAI bastardises the game mechanics present in previous games.  The poor tactical view and the limited slots on the toolbar are two such grievances, and they don't strike me as innovations because in their current form I don't think they achieve anything new... if they ain't broke, why try and fix them?  To serve the larger point being made here, I agree with the dislike of DAI being an action RPG, 'action' emphasised, and disliked even as far back as DA2 how Bioware seemed to want the DA franchise to resemble Mass Effect more and more.

My other issue is how DAI feels thematically.  Mostly subjective, I know.  DAI feels like a good, even great game to me, but not really a Dragon Age game.  DAO, despite being to some a feel-good game about saving the world, had a lot of morally complex decisions as well as some horror elements involved.  Or you could play as an ultra-dickhead Warden or maybe only slightly self-interested one.  DA2 was fairly ambitious in what it tried to achieve thematically and storywise (whether it was a success or not in your opinion is up to you).  DAI is fairly bland, 'reluctant hero thrust into a battle to save all the world', but with less of the roleplaying elements present in DAO that really allowed the player to shape the world to achieve certain outcomes.  As an example, I'm not a fan of blood magic, never choose it for my 'canon' playthroughs, but I think it was a loss not to have blood magic available to the Inquisitor, particularly if one is trying to roleplay darker routes (something which was hinted at with the possibility during DAI's development of the Inquisitor becoming the Divine to serve their own means)."
"That's very interesting. I usually follow Steam techs closely, but I wasn't aware of that one. That's specific technology has been getting very popular on other platforms, so I'm not surprised Steam would implement something similar. Still, that's still not excuse for not having proper delta updates."
"Well I don't believe anyone is hankering for the days of games with the AD&amp;D 2nd Edition rules which meant you had to choose like 3 spells you could use that day, and then after that, had to rest.

I fucking hated that."
"2048 is hardly a ripoff, it plays very differently. And rules are rules, you can't abuse keywords like that."
"No, sarcastic asshole, it's shocking that they had a countdown/semi-ARG all to reveal that fuck-all has changed except the addition of a shitty multiplayer.

It's still a cool project, but it's really disappointing that NOTHING has been added to the single-player campaign (aka the actual thing we're waiting for, not HL2 Deathmatch 2) after this time."
"I kinda did.  And then Pillars of Eternity came out and balance was restored to the universe.  I like how pillars does it, some spells you have to rest to use, some are per encounter.  "
"Which was one of the complaints when it was first released. Considering how god awful the gunplay actually was in the first one I wasn't surprised they tried to show off that particular ""improvement"".

Hopefully they don't make it a gun game with parkour and instead make it a parkour game with an *improved* gun aspect."
"I don't know why people are harping on it so much for this? Most of the combat in the trailer was literally just Faith hitting an enemy once and then running away. If it were like the mess that is the ME1 combat then I'd take issue with it, but it seems like they tried to make the combat unintrusive to your flow."
"Yeah, because he broke the ToS and tried to leech off another game's popularity to get people to play his.

If the situation was reversed, would you be pissed at the Threes! dev because 2048 was removed? It doesn't matter if the game is a clone or not. That doesn't give you free reign to try and abuse the system."
"i think the story is a little more complicated than that. 

threes wasn't available on google play for a long time, and 2048 came as a derivative of it(whether it's a clone or not is arguable, even)

as a developer, i know that it sucks when you are dealing with competitors that you feel wronged you, even if others see it differently.

but as an android user, it's crazy to think we should sit around with our thumbs up our butts waiting to play a popular game when the author can't be fucked to support a huge % of the mobile device market and something similar is already available. "
"I did.  Or some kind of limitation.  Otherwise all ""tactical decisions"" in the game boil down to spam all your abilities, and wait until their cooldown comes off so you can cast them again.  In DA:I, the best decision is always to cast your spells as soon as they're available.  Preparing what spells you'd have available and having hard limits on the number of times you could cast them was an important tactical decision."
"If I remember correctly, Diablo 3 had a similar function where you could begin the campaign once it was 50% downloaded, or something to that effect. "
"Google Play is seriously the biggest cesspool I have ever seen in gaming. It seems to reward customer milking P2W schemes and completely and utterly fuck over fairer, more non exploitive games. They seem to actively hate quality and design the store to quash it.  I mean, look at the infinite permutations of ""Freddy Block Crush Craft"" you can find on it for an indication of the culture of the place. They also give you little to no information on the nature of the IAP in any one game and hide any actually valuable reviews in a sea of useless one and five star reviews.

Another thing of note that is worthy of ire is the Google plus integration, but that's a whole other can of worms."
"After all, Without cloning games we wouldn't have the First Person Shooter genre. Imagine if people had a pissy fit every time a game similar to Wolfenstein, Doom, or Quake came out."
"That's the difference between gaming enthusiasts and the general public. We got *some* taste in games at least.

That's why I'm positive mobile gaming won't ever ""take over gaming"" in its current form."
"&gt; The healing thing was explained. Bioware said healing is reacting, shield is acting. They didn't want players to keep reacting to the enemy, they want the player to have the initiative

Who says a good game isn't a mix of both? I always find it most interesting when the challenge is to know how to react effectively so that you can end up with room to act."
Hell I'm even enjoying garden warfare.  Rather fun horde game. Got it with the humble bundle and have had a lot of fun with it.  
"You can still download this if you have an EU account, but only if you have previously downloaded it. Get in quick before the store updates on Thursday! (edit: Thursday New Zealand time, Wednesday in Europe)

Glad I downloaded it. Now all I have to do is never delete it, never change my hard drive, and hope it never fails on me...

Konami have inadvertently created the world's first rare digital game."
Starcraft 2 as well. Something like 10% can get you into battle.net and it would download whatever map you needed to play. Blizzard did a good job with that.
"Well, it'll be rare until somebody inevitably reverse engineers the console to allow modifications like previous console generations, and it'll pop up for download online at one point or another. "
"It's impressive, really. For a deeply, deeply flawed game, you managed to come up with a bunch of points that I all disagree with or don't care about.


DAI is plagued by a lifeless world, an unlikeable protagonist, and a plethora of meaningless things to do. However I don't think it'd be improved by healing spells and blood magic."
"Uh, every situation where you need backups is unfortunate, but that's why you make them.   Not keeping backups turns unfortunate situations into tragedies.  "
That's the whole title; it was the teaser/tech demo for what would have been Kojima's Silent Hills release
I play on PS4 and have an excellent experience. Sure there's one or two laggy games depending on the opponent but I wouldn't say online is unplayable.
"I have played both . . What do you mean they play very differently?

The only difference I found was that Threes were far more challenging and skill based."
"Why on earth developers keep using them for ports.  They must bid $15 for every port.  NRS should know better after MK9 was a flaming pile of shit.

"
"I work in software for a phone app, QA is almost always the first thing that gets crunched by us. Then our upper managers wonder why we have quality issues when we try to send out a gold master release. 

I definitely agree QA testers are not always to blame, but they seem to be the first ones targeted by things like this. "
"This happened when I searched for 2048 in Google Play.

http://imgur.com/JvzwPGC

This is a joke. If you want to remove Threes for abusing search word engine, you might want to remove ALL of these clones.

Or are people going to say that these games are 'attempt at improving the game?'"
"&gt; you must take at least one healer with you no matter what or you lose

This is probably what i liked the most about not having a healer. If the game has healers, you need a healer, and you also always need a tank. That leaves you with only being able to choose between 2 out of 4 classes to make up your party, with barrier + guard it felt really less limiting.

The optimal set up was always going to be 1 mage, 1 rogue, 1 warrior with 1 filler. This just left you with way more choice on how you ran your mage, and who got to fill fourth spot. Additionally, what if the only good healer companion was someone i didn't like? Now im stuck with someone i hate for game mechanics."
"The idea is great and exciting.

History tells us though that most such things end up horrible.  Still, every once in awhile one works out so fingers crossed hoping this is one of the rare good ones.

But Hulu kinda ruins it all.  I cannot think of another online video content provider I hate using more than Hulu.  

We'll have to wait and see I guess.
"
I remember that issue getting a lot of coverage a couple years ago and I could have sworn the outcome was Sony and MS doing away with the patch fees. Did that not happen?
"Threes spawns 1s and 2s which combine with each other, not themselves. 2048 spawns 2s and 4s which combine with themselves, not each other. Threes moves cards only one space at a time, while 2048 slides them as far as they can go. Threes shows a preview of the next card and spawns it on the edge opposite where you just moved, 2048 doesn't give you a preview and randomly spawns anywhere.

And if you're going to say yourself that one is far more challenging than the other, then aren't you agreeing that they're quite different?"
"I would hope the person behind this is someone with existing respect for Myst's really interesting lore, and not some screenwriter for hire with a vague idea of what the first game was about. Myst deserves something of a higher standard."
"They're really not. Sliding the entire grid is a very big change, as is unpredictable spawns.

2048 is heavily inspired by Threes, but in no way does that make it the exact same game."
"Does anyone remember the old Myst movie pitch (website, blog, trailer, etc.) back in '08? I followed that thing hard back when the writers were in full swing. It's bizarre for me to hear that this is what happened to the property after the [Hollywood nonsense](http://gameshelf.jmac.org/2012/07/myst-movie-drama/) that shuttered it.

I'm interested to see what they'll do with this, but I'm kind of sad that the books won't be covered (at least at first), given how there's a lot more literary content to work with than the games."
"I remember when Mirror's Edge came out, I thought I was the only one who really liked the game. I remember it getting pretty ripped up in forums. Free running was too clunky or hard, 'why can't it be more like Assassin's Creed', was the complaint, that's much more fluid. The aesthetic was too much like that car insurance commercial, was another big complaint. And now these are the things we like about the game, which is great IMO.

But when the new one comes out, you'll hear a new set of complaints about how the game isn't exactly everything gamer's imagined. And then maybe 5 or 6 years later people will be able to talk about it more objectively, because a cloud of hate surrounds everything big studio's do when a new game is released."
"It was a free download, the only ones that stand to lose any money as a result of this happening are Konami."
"   He said that he knew that the game is build in that premise. He dislike it because it doesn't make sense in the world of the game to not exist heal spells where in the other games of the same franchise and world there were.

   Also, that is not what a company need to do... they don't need to say to you how to play their game... if I'm more defensive oriented, is my gameplay, if I want to be prepared/healed before other battle, is my form of gameplay... the elimination of healing spells without a explanation in-game, and a lack of real use of this no-heal mechanic coupled with the limited use of potions... makes glass cannon strategies or heavy-defensive builds who rely on be always full of health very... unfliendly.... eliminating the mechanic only eliminates possible strategies, because they don't replaced it with other mechanic for new variety... is the same with less..."
"Zero dollars, it was a demo and it literally stood for Playable Teaser. People are just upset because it was a really really good demo."
"Surely someone must have the ability to image the drive, just not decrypt or do anything useful with that image... No?

So the data would be preserved, just locked away for now.

**edit:** this is of course assuming that *all* pertinent files are actually stored on the hard drive instead of having critical information tired up in other hardware as was the case in the PS3 I believe..."
It was a Playable Teaser (PT) for the new Silent Hills game that got canned. It had Del Toro and Kojima involved and was most likely going to be great.
It's almost alarming how games can just be wiped off the map like this. It really puts it in perspective how all download-only games could just be erased from history so easily. Preserving games such as PT and smaller indie titles is going to be no small task for whoever decides to take that job on.
"&gt; The healing thing was explained. Bioware said healing is reacting, shield is acting. They didn't want players to keep reacting to the enemy, they want the player to have the initiative

And so, they replace it with potions? I cant see how thats any better... 

Also, some players enjoy healing/supportive roles.. As one of those, I was very disapointed in the resto spec in DA:I."
"the teaser itself was pretty darn good, great sense of atmosphere and tension with nice visuals, all you need in a horror game. if the full game was anywhere near the teaser, would easily put $60 toward it, possibly GOTY. "
"I never notice a big cloud of hate around a game for *no* reason.

I played Mirrors Edge in middle school. If the game can keep a 7th grader's attention and then amaze they 7th grader without being guns and explosions, it's doing something right.

If 2 comes out and it's REALLY shitty, of course it's gonna get negative feedback. But small issues are lumped together as just small issues. There will always negative Nancy's but to say a lot of games get a cloud of hate for no reason is kinda wrong IMO. Small complaints are made into mountains, yes, but the game isn't lambasted."
"To be fair, all those games have 2048 in the title. Sure they're all clones, but they're not hiding/tricking what they are. It would be like putting Medal of Honor on the store, but having ""Call of Duty"" as a search term to leech off it's popularity. "
"&gt; and then funky fresh beats

This. Do not discount the contribution that Solar Fields made to this game by doing the soundtrack. I've never heard music that fit a game so well."
"Strangely I only remember quitting 2048 after getting to ridiculous number simply by button mashing. I just reinstalled it, and you are right. They are not the same game.

The games are, however, very similar and I don't really see a problem with Threes using 2048 as a keyword.

Especially with . . . 

http://imgur.com/JvzwPGC"
"&gt; This exact issue for another game was missed by MS before. An update wiped all saves.

Are you thinking of Fez? [It was &lt;1% of saves according to the developer's account](http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2012-07-19-save-corrupting-fez-patch-back-online). Still not a good thing but easier to understand how MS' QA team would have missed it."
"&gt;leech off it's popularity. 

. . . Like all of these games titled 2048 to leech off the original's popularity?"
"Right after the author took Flappy Bird down from the Apple Store, people were selling their iphones with the game on it installed on ebay for really marked up prices. That whole thing was quite entertaining to watch. I wonder if something similar will happen here.

&gt; ""PS4 PT Edition, Refurbished"""
"Pretty sure that game came back up. I don't think PT will ever be back, since it'd be bogged down in a bunch of copyright bollocks."
"The facts are that faith might weigh 100 lbs soaking wet. She isn't taking out professional guards in body armor weighing 200+ lbs with single strikes.

Just isn't happening."
"The developers of threes however, brought it upon themselves. Sure its shitty the idea was copied, IMO 2048 is far from a direct rip off theres far more blatant threes clones about and also it has a couple of mechanical differences, but still their reluctance to port to android is what made 2048 and others spring up. 

Personally out of all those type of games i prefer threes and its still shitty that it happens, but you cant afford to snub one platform."
"I'll never understand how it escaped the outcry that hit Dragon Age 2.  DA 2 was at least a role playing game in the traditional understanding of the term, I had to at slow down and assess my strategy at least a few times.  My interest flagged at points but I was motivated enough to complete it.

Inquisition seems like what would happen if you sucked all the brains out of Origins and then pasted that mass over five times the area."
"I thought that the poor gunplay was intentional, since Faith is really small, and she probably would struggle to handle recoil."
"Myth 2 did this I think.

[Edit: Sounds like it deleted the CONTAINING folder. So if you installed to C:\\Myth2 it deleted C:\\. Probably because it expected C:\\&lt;PublisherName&gt;\\Myth2 but nobody cares so you might pick C:\\Myth2. [More info](http://minimaxir.com/2013/06/working-as-intended/).]"
"True, but they're not lying about what they are. Literally, Threes! is not 2048 in name, and them trying to use that as a search term is against the TOS, whereas these clones pull no punches in what they are. Is it disgusting? Sure. But if it's not against Google's TOS then they can't do anything about it."
"I cant remember what if anything the developer of threes said but some other developers attitudes towards android releases can be rather blunt or dismissive, of course that all changes when their game ends up cloned. "
"Seriously. I want to go give my old disc-based games a hug now. 

Digital distribution is scary, for real. Almost all sites(including Steam) only say you are buying a license to play a product. At any time that license can be revoked, along with the game. While convenient, digital games can vanish just like P.T. just did."
"Or Minecraft itself. Notch originally started working on it as a clone of Infiniminer, but it quickly went off in an entirely different direction."
"for those who still have the game, but worried that you can't upgrade your hard drive or if something happens, you can backup the PS4

http://manuals.playstation.net/document/en/ps4/settings/backup.html"
You can start playing World of Warcraft at like 5% downloaded or something. It just live loads the data you need and then continues in the background.
"They didn't remove healing though. You always had more than enough potions and they got refilled before any big fights so you still had healing the only difference now was that if you run out you just have to make the boring run to and from a camp... They took a system that was fine and made the worst possible adjustment to it. That's not to mention now you can just spam magical barriers and health doesn't matter anyway. 

I never used a healer in previous games, they aren't required. Having a healer option is a great way to allow the player to choose their own difficulty level."
Barrier is effectively a healer and guard is for tanks so... nothing changed they just renamed some stuff. The gameplay is no different and there are plenty of games that use healers that are perfectly playable without healers...
"So basically it's pretty unlikely that I'm ever going to get the chance to play PT? That really stinks. I guess I'll hope it can be ""pirated"" somewhere down the line, late in the console's lifetime. Or maybe in like 10 years I'll be able to emulate it..."
Or in Canada. This is like 25% of the usage cap (200GB) of the 60/10 Rogers plan. Or 45% of 30/5 (100GB).
"What the fuck is everyone here going on about? This isn't a case about game clones, Threes used 2048 in it's keyword tags... thats against the rules on Google Play. They were basically spamming. the mobile markets issue with clones is definitely a problem, but not in this situation.  
Imagine if a new Bejeweled game came out on Android and used Candy Crush in it's keywords, It would be taken the fuck off aswell."
"There are some dolts out there who think otherwise, though. I had a customer at work tell me that he thinks Clash of Clans is going to be ""game of the year""."
"Once I was traded the controller and after driving crazily to avoid whatever was thrown my way. My car caught fire and I took a few bullets so I bailed and ended up near one of those motel looking buildings with a vending machine. Needing health, I casually walked up to it, took a soda pop or whatever the green thing was, and CJ ate it. All the while rockets and bullets were going and coming from all directions.

Not sure a game will ever recreate that feeling, like I was in the eye of a hurricane as nothing was hitting me but something could easily kill me."
"Console game would be a bit harder, and obscure game would need extra work and dedication to even find it, let alone get it working. Even then, very little hope for multiplayer."
"I'm with you on the character design. All the characters in DA:I looked really lame in my opinion. And Origins and DA2 weren't much better. Mass Effect, on the other hand has several great looking characters, Jack, Thane, Zayeed and so on. So I do think Bioware has it in them."
"&gt; Upscaled 1080 is still 1080. Its just a term.

1080p is a technical specification, not just a term. 1080p is Full High Definition, 1920x1080 noninterlaced. Upscaled 1080 is a lower resolution stretched out. 

If Sony and Guerilla were claiming the game was '1080p' in advertising and it wasn't, then they are guilty of false advertising. But 5 million dollars in damages? Because the mp looked slightly worse? Jackass.

If he wanted true 1080p gaming, he'd be playing games on his PC anyway. You chose the console route, you deal with the lower resolutions, frame rates, and visuals. "
"Reacting to a changing situation is part of these games, its part of the tactical aspect! Dragon Age could have been the return of CRPGs Origins was fantastic, it makes me kinda sad to see what it became."
"What the hell is going between Konami and Kojima? Parting ways to a disagreement is fine but Konami looks like it's trying to burn Kojima's legacy. Like a ""Fuck you, these aren't yours anymore."""
"*not promoting piracy*

....But that being said if someones license on a game they paid for gets revoked for any reason you can guarantee they're going to pirate it."
And old disks/cassettes can get damaged or lost quite easily and then you have essentially lost them forever unless you buy another copy. Is there any practical difference then? 
"The problem was because people felt under obligation to bring mages in, because they could heal anything. Regular feedback on healing:

""I f***ing hate Anders to death, but he's a healing mage and I have to bring him""

""I hate Wynne, she's such a damned grandmother but she's so good at healing""

Also, healing was facerolling in DAO and DA2. That's why they moved into a different thing, where warriors could stand on their own, rogues could mitigate their own damage while being everywhere and nowhere, and mages could be powerful but at the same time not have to be a healbot for the team."
"I mean, if you want to call it that, sure. Even if you sideloaded the game, the ads would still run and generate revenue for the guy who made it. And it was a free app to begin with."
"I agree. I can definitely see why the developers implemented that change and I can see why gamers are upset by this change. I usually play a mage. It was annoying how I had to put talents in the healing tree if I were the only mage. 

However, I think it would be best if the this type of genre implemented something other than a healing class. Why can't they make warriors have a tree that ""healed"" others, like some kind of stimulating battle shout. That way you don't have to bring a mage healer. You can bring other classes that have the ability to heal."
There is actually a fantastic book series that goes into the back story of myst. I'm hoping they base it off of that
"I think the difference is that in terms of damaged disks and stuff (physical form), that is the owner's responsibilities for it. As for digital, it will be based on distributors such as Playstation Stores, Xbox stores, Steam, etc. I understand you point still stand that either way the product will still be lost, but the reason of lost itself, in this case, we have no control over it (no to mention as a comment from higher up chain - is hard to preserve digital games like classic if distributor removed them entirely). "
"I kept on hearing how PT was one of the greatest things to happen to the horror genre. However, I couldn't play it since I don't own a PS4, and I don't know anyone who does. Now I'm probably never going to be able to play it, unless pirates and hackers find a way to preserve it. It really sucks that Konami is destroying such a loved game, all because they've lost their minds (or as the Jimquisition claims, never had any in the first place). It seems like Konami developed a fear of money and success, and they are now trying to destroy themselves in the slowest, most drawn out way possible."
"Sort of. In what you describe, it's a case of your irresponsibility resulting in the loss, in the license case, there's no amount of responsibility on your part that could prevent that loss. It's mostly business bureaucracy style stuff at that point.

So there's something of a practical difference in that sense, I think. If the license loss was a result of the business' irresponsibility of forgetting to renew it or losing it somehow (or say, losing the original content, preventing its redistribution), then there might not be any practical difference in that situation, I guess."
"whether or not you agree with the rules doesn't change the fact they are the rules.

/u/r0ck3t_0wn3r has pretty much posted the only valid response in this thread.

we can all agree that the clone market is kind of shitty, but the tweet is basically ""i got a speeding ticket for going 50 in a 30 because i didn't read the sign. &gt;:("" and everyone here is responding with ""fuck the police"" rather than ""why didn't you read the sign?"""
"Since firmware 2.50 you can back up your account and everything you have currently downladed onto a USB device, so you could just delete everything except PT and back it up to USB then put in your new HDD and get your back up from the USB"
"The size is NOT a limitation of the Unreal engine, it's shortsightedness from the developer.

For reference, a list of UE3 games and the maximum filesize within their directory:

    BioShock Infinite     WorldTextures3.tfc  1.6GB
    Batman Arkham City    Normals.tfc         1.3GB
    Dishonored            Textures.tfc        1.1GB
    Borderlands 2         Textures.tfc        1.0GB
    Alice Madness Returns Textures.tfc        1.3GB

You only get 15GB patches if the developer decides to put all their files in a single large UPK rather than smaller files or no UPKs whatsoever, but this is 100% entirely developer choice, NOT a fault of the Unreal Engine."
"Konami have fucked themselves out of a lot of money with a new Silent Hill. 

 A lot of my friends were so excited about shitting themselves with a new 1st Person Silent Hill, and now we have nothing. "
"&gt; 1080p is a technical specification, not just a term. 1080p is Full High Definition, 1920x1080 noninterlaced. Upscaled 1080 is a lower resolution stretched out. 

The specification only cares about output resolution. As long as you're displaying 1920 by 1080 pixels on your TV, it's 1080p. What the console renders the game at internally is inconsequential."
I disagree they were completely well recieved because of nostalgia. I personally thought pillars was the best RPG I've played in a long time and I never played any of the old infinity engine games so Im coming at it completely new. I'm not sure what your problem with the priest was but I never had an issue with it. I'll agree it had a boring story but I could see it was at least trying to be unique and I thought even if the story fell apart the writing was still much higher quality than anything I've played recently other than maybe the Witcher 2.
"I have no doubt in my mind a dedicated fan of PT will figure out a way to distribute a digital copy. Maybe it'll take a few months, or an entire generation, but it will happen. "
"https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/2985717?hl=en

expand the ""unrelated keywords or references"" section."
"It's a fucking shitty argument though.

Because if you didn't want a healer you didn't have to bring them.

Potions were in enough of an abundance not to mention craftable. To play utilizing them.

Fact is everyone took the healbots as you call them, because they didn't want to play, potion top up game. Where you can't heal character Y because he's frozen at the moment.

---

Personally I feel like Inquisition is boring as a result. Because the fact is that if one of my characters has gotten close to death it likely means i was fighting something I shouldn't have been. Or I fucked up in a stupid way.

Every other time it was just oh we have been through a bunch of battles and these guys are looking a little low now better top them up.

Now that might change on the harder difficulties(Don't remember what I played on) But that change is just going to bring in the issue the OP mentioned of having to go back to camp to get more potions.

But when you have healers it's far more justifiable to implement spike damage that can be mitigated or healed back if needed."
"PATCH WINS. Fatality.

Seriously though, shouldn't they at least try it on one computer before updating everyone?"
"I never felt the need to assess strategy in DA2. Because there is essentially no strategy to the way the game plays.

It's not like you can set up your team for the way the enemies are laid out in the world, so you can bottle neck them or similar. Because they just appear out of thin air all the time.

It's not like you can make tactical decisions as to whether or not to let off your big nuke abilities. Because you have no idea as to whether or not killing the dudes you're currently fighting is going to spawn another even stronger wave. Where you may need that nuke to buy some breathing time.

I'd say the standard tactic for that game was ""freeze the biggest threat"" Then go to town on all the little sources of damage. Which is just bog standard affair."
"This is ridiculous. I just re-downloaded P.T. last week. But deleted it because I thought it would stay attached to my account. I just tried to download it again, it's still listed on my library but it doesn't download. Seriously Konami? Not even a warning? "
"&gt;Mass Effect 4, BF5, Unannounced Star Wars Open World game, New IPs

Explain because none of those are happening this year as far as I know.
"
Shame shame shame. This will happen to all of our digital only buys. I just went on buying disc copies of games.
"I don't know how many different ways to put it, but the standard only cares about the physical number of pixels you see.

Upscaling content to 1080p is still going to produce a 1080p image."
"To unlock alt costumes, brutalities, and concept art.

It's not that bad, and you get a lot of coins, almost enough to get all the essential stuff, just by going through the basic stuff you will the first time, like story and towers. 

It's only really a problem now since our progress got nuked and now we have to do everything over.   Stuff we'd rather not waste time doing again. "
"&gt;Konami have inadvertently created the world's first rare digital game.

Nintendo's already been there with Four Swords for 3DS, though I doubt that, either, is the first real example."
"From the Wikipedia page for [FPS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First-person_shooter):

&gt;One such title, and the progenitor of the genre's wider mainstream acceptance and popularity was *Doom*, perhaps one of the most influential games in this genre; for many years, the term **Doom clone** was used to designate this genre due to Doom‍ '​s influence. "
"Even past all that, it sucks for Threes' creator, but someone else took his game, iterated on it, reskinned it, and released it. It's not really a clone, its what game dev has been about for decades."
"There's also been the thought thrown out there of creating a demake of it to preserve the experience. That wouldn't be my approach to it personally, but the idea's pretty solid, as in just recreate the experience as best as possible either in its own game or a mod or something.

The level layout wasn't terribly complex, and some drew it out, so the material is out there for someone to recreate it. Will it be as good looking as the original? Unfortunately, probably not, but if you can get the rough feel right without that, you'll have done a great job preserving it, I think."
"Yeah, that reason makes no sense. But then, it's just marketing blurb to try smooth the waves.

They know they're pissing off the DAO fanbase who bought into it because of the RPG-aspects. But that's ok, because they also know they're still making more money by designing for the much larger fanbase they acquired via ME."
"Except their CEO believes that getting out of games (and no, gambling machines and gambling phone apps don't count) is more profitable.  Maybe it is.  Even if Kojima's games were making money, the relative return on investment had to be much lower than making gambling machines, and even if the returns were very good, each one was an *enormous* risk.  You can't really blame him for wanting a more reliable revenue stream.

This is not to say that I don't find the implosion of Konami tragic, or think that it is a shortsighted mistake -- I do.  But their board clearly only cares about the bottom line now, so from that perspective it's more understandable."
"There's shutting down the project then there's salting the fucking earth.

You were excited about Silent Hills? Well fuck you and the horse you rode in on."
"Then you would be outputting 1080i, not 1080p.

Hardware scalers don't just interlace the image, if they did you would only ever be able to use strict divisors or multiples as an input resolution.

Edit: and I'll say, Killzone *was* performing a sort of interlace/interleave thing. But that doesn't matter, because the image presented was still sent to the TV as 1080p.

Edit, edit: Feel free to add ""with progressive scan"" wherever I've said the resolution."
"I feel bad for those who will not have the chance to play PT.  It was easily the scariest game/demo I've ever played.  Putting on headphones and going through that hallway numerous times was something so viscerally terrifying to me, I wish it would stay on the store for those interesting in seeing it. 

Such a shame.  And Silent Hills could have been something absolutely amazing.  "
At least you have other ways to play Four Swords though. That example isn't close to PT's situation. 
"It is 100% the reason I will always buy a physical copy of console games when I can. That said, I'm definitely a hypocrite knowing 95% of my PC games are from Steam. "
"Which reveals the absurdity of the ""1080 on box is good enough"" argument. 

I don't think a lot of people are understanding what internal resolution even is. 

For example, the performance difference between native 1440p and then upscaling 720p to 1440p.

*An entirely separate performance and aesthetic experience**."
"Every time I kept thinking that there couldn't be an option for even **more** blood, and then it only raised more.  It'll be hard to find switches on the walls with that much blood everywhere."
"&gt; Konami have inadvertently created the world's first rare digital game.

No, I can think of another example off the top of my head, which is Chu-Teng (not even the creator had a copy when 4chan went a-looking)."
"Console piracy is very easy on hacked consoles. On PS3 it's pretty much just download a game ISO, drop it into your PS3 hard drive, and play."
"This is by no means the first rare digital game, just the most popular one. Plenty of old ps3 games are no longer redownloadable. This is something that's bound to happen to any game that isn't super popular (and probably all games eventually). It might take 10, 15, or even 20 years after launch, but eventually there will come a point when it's no longer worth it for Sony to keep hosting certain games. 

Plus, there will come a time when Sony will restructure their PSN significantly, and there's a good chance they will do this far beyond the support period of the ps3, effectively making all ps3 downloads instantly inaccessible. "
"[It got leaked some time ago, apparently.](http://shutupcarlton.tumblr.com/post/54583988254/chu-teng-download-link)"
"I think the argument centers on the fact that it provides the grindy nature of MMORPGs without also providing the positive aspect those games ""buy"" with the grindy elements: the massive-multiplayer social aspects.

Sure, for someone really deep in the Bioware-community, these social aspects exist, definitely. But not in the game itself. And it feels weird to have a negative component of another genre without having the corresponding positive component which belongs with it."
"I don't think it's so much what it *was*, but rather what it had the potential to be. Like if that was the style they were going for when doing Silent Hills, oh man. THAT would have been something. The teaser itself is great, but it's what it represented for the future that is so loved. "
"What a shame.

Being able to download games digitally is a good thing, but stuff like this is why I prefer getting physical copies whenever possible. I hope they put it back on the Playstation Store soon."
"Think of how many games have been saved by piracy. You think you could ever get your hands on a copy of LSD:dream emulator? Good luck. But because piracy exists, I just find an iso and bam! I'm playing some obscure bullshit that is impossible to play legitimately "
"Interesting, having played Origins **after** Inquisition, I feel Origins had much better combat.

For two reasons before I actually get to the mechanics:

* Actually controllable camera which lets me look at things instead of getting into my way.
* Tactical mode (because sorry, what DAI has isn't tactical mode, it's showing off how terrible the camera is as if someone wanted to use it to get budget to re-do camera during development).

But beyond that, DAO had actually powerful-feeling combat situations between Mage combos. Sure balance was seriously lopsided (though plenty mods fixed that), but DAI lacks even that. I thought at first I can do some nifty things, but it never really works out. Combat is too fast-paced and too action-based to require much thought and planning, and also just doesn't pay off for it.

You run it, unload all combo-able abilities on the group of adds (usually killing them instantly), then tank&amp;spank the main mob. Always works, because that's how the encounters were designed.

Origins felt better because tanks were tankier, meat was meatier and squishies were squishier, basically. It required me to set up my party and think about positioning, something DAI could in theory do but never actually does.

Hell the final boss fight: I never understood the mechanics because it was so weak. There wasn't a point, just whack it until dead, and that was on Hard."
"I feel like OP is judging DA: I based on their experience with previous Dragon Age games, though. Which makes it easier to be disappointed as a whole, compared to someone like myself whose expectations don't exist beforehand.

Most of us know the feeling of having your favourite franchise changed upon. This was at least the case for me with Guild Wars 2, which was nothing like Guild Wars and yet people seemed to enjoy it. Few of them had played the original, however."
"Hrm, they all have a single bid, however, which makes me think it's probably a trick to drive up prices artificially."
"Additionally, *2048* starts with just two numbers on the board as opposed to several, which quickly establishes a very different long-term goal for staying in the game. I personally enjoy *Threes* more, but it really bothers me when people act like *2048* is a clone; not only are the spawn and movement rules you mentioned different, but in general, *Threes* is more of a garbage collection puzzle, the kind like *Dr. Mario* or certain gameplay modes in *Tetris* where the goal is to contend with things that get in your way, and in it, while it's still very advisable to try to keep large numbers in a corner, losing that corner for a long-term advantage is faaaaaaaar more survivable than *2048*, which is more about establishing that territory and maintaining it, and losing it usually means that you're pretty much guaranteed to lose soon. They have completely different styles of play that are established and encouraged by the way the minutiae of the rules work. For games with such simple, intuitive design, tweaking one thing can make a big difference, and tweaking a few carefully chosen elements can completely alter the entire experience."
"It is NOT a ""limitation"" of UE3. It's a self-imposed limitation by the developer. You are able to change what size the ""blocks"" are and most devs aren't stupid enough to actually put 15GB of files into a single pack. This is an all around failure on the part of the developer."
"If the guy spent countless hours of research, he should've at least researched the playstore's rules."
"Surely you could go with having any of your geometry stages being done in 1080p? As it is, they may have a reprojection to 1080p, presumably the UI in 1080p, and maybe some cheap shaders, but the actual geometry stage is not. Most things you can get away with not rendering at native resolution, but that one you really can't. "
"A huge part of the appeal of BG I &amp; II was this - **meaningful tactical decisions**, in both combat and party composition. If the combat and skills are way too streamlined and made convenient, there's little reason not to spam everything at cooldown. DA:I definitely has that issue. I like the idea of making each class more self sufficient, but if it's taken too far, it can make the 'party combat' feel way too shallow. Some people might be tired of the trope, but there's a reason why 'every party needs a rogue/healer/mage/tank' exists. Specialization is fun, and gives each character identity and purpose. 


In the Baldur's Gate series, some encounters were basically impossible without the right man/woman for the job. Mages didn't need to be able to tank, because most of the time, they were in the back line slinging spells at people when it was necessary. At other times, they were just chilling and trying not to get exploded - but that didn't make them feel useless, since if I ran into some mob that was immune to physical damage or a spellcaster with a bunch of nasty spells, it was their time to shine and nobody else. Because of this specialization, having to babysit their weak asses during most encounters didn't feel stupid because I knew they'd be crucial for when I ran into the wrong enemy. I still have hilarious memories of trying to keep Xzar alive when we were level 1, especially when I ran into an Ogre in the wild... if he even looked at a monster the wrong way he'd almost immediately explode into giblets (four hit points. FOUR). 


But again, back to the main point - what made figuring out the party composition and such a fun and tactical decision was to balance out the members who could hold their own with the generally helpless ones that had the 'oh shit' skills and spells. Your level 5 mage isn't gonna do much with his staff or sling, but if you spew all your spells in one encounter, you have to rest and hope you don't get ambushed. But if you only have a party of fighters, they might destroy your general trash mobs with their combined sustained damage and tankiness, but they wouldn't last in a long, drawn-out engagement unless they were overpowered or got really lucky. Besides, some of the harder enemies had things like Stoneskin, Protect from Normal/Magical Weapons (and way worse) that basically completely shut down your general hack and slash dudes. I loved moments when I remembered my cleric's Turn Undead ability, or when I remembered a ranger's specialized enemy. 


Basically, each class felt unique because they had specializations. It wasn't the case of 'rangers use arrows, mages use fireballs' - no, a ranger was a ranged fighter, a mage was an aoe + counter-magic specialist that you carried with you when you needed him. Which is why few of my guys felt 'useless' even if they didn't do much during certain encounters, because that simply wasn't their role. It's the same reason I don't complain that a spoon is useless for cutting a steak. With mages and their limits on spells, it became a game of risk/reward, anticipation and resource management. A mage isn't supposed to hold up against a ranger with a +3 longbow when it came to sustained, ranged damage - but they weren't supposed to. Mages were meant to destroy entire screens of enemies at once, summon demons from hellish planes, make your entire party invisible or Breach through otherwise impregnable magic defenses. There were many roles, and no one class could do them all. On top of that, that's why the dual/multi class system (as obscure and unintuitive it can be) was still quite interesting to mess with, as you tried to cover your 'healing' needs with a fighter/druid to see if it would be enough. 


Compare this with what most 'rpgs' try to do these days - they attempt to streamline the process too much and end up making every class able to do everything, just with different animations. It reminds me of how everyone bitched so much in WoW that now, every class has every tool and lack the feeling of uniqueness or specialization. Who cares if a Rogue has a stun if everyone bitches that it's unfair so they ALL get interrupts? The classes lose personality and definition. 


I'm rambling wayyyy too much about this, but yeah. I needed to rant since I had really high hopes for DA:I - the series was called the 'spiritual successor' of Baldur's Gate for a good while, after all. But while the much higher production values are incredible and very welcome - and even though I understand that it's only possible because they made it have more mass appeal through streamlining - there's a big part of me that misses the tougher, more interesting bioware rpgs. "
"1. While similar, 2048 and Threes! are not the same game.

2. The developer of Threes! intentionally broke the rules and then faced just consequences. Should he be able to ignore the rules just because you like the game?"
"&gt; Dragon Age could have been the return of CRPGs Origins

We did get Pillars of Eternity instead though, which did that job very well."
"You can make a dd image copy of the PlayStation 4 hard drive. Since its encrypted you can't compress it so you need another 500 GB of storage. I've successfully made an dd copy of a ps4 hard drive and restored it, works perfectly :) "
"You're responding as if I pulled my reply out of my ass. This is *actual feedback* the devs have stated multiple times in interviews and at panels that they received. Healers were an easy go-to that players felt pressured into playing. The devs acted accordingly to avoid such a case.

You may know that it's just a hop-skip to regulate herbalism points and potions, but that doesn't mean the entire player base knows that."
"I wonder how long it'll be before the real story gets told. I'm really not interested in conjecture and tweet analysis, but as a huge Kojima fan I'm super curious. "
"&gt;I don't really see a problem with Threes using 2048 as a keyword

Why? That's a legitimate question.  They are two different games.  Why should one be able to use the other as a tag?  If 2048 is using three's as a tag, that's fucked up and the same consequences should apply, but neither should have priority over the other in my opinion."
"The highest setting for blood is [Overdrawn at the Blood Bank](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/OverdrawnAtTheBloodBank), which is the TVTropes page for exactly that trope."
"2048 is lightweight, free, and ad-free with no social media connections. Threes costs money, rapes battery and constantly wants to get on your Facebook. Also apparently it wasn't even available on android for ages. Any lack of success is totally down to the creator."
"I was thinking most of the uproar was about the fact that Threes! was actually the original, not the clone. 

Edit: The parent commenter isn't arguing that Threes! was the clone, I just misread, my bad, sorry guys!"
"&gt; I feel like OP is judging DA: I based on their experience with previous Dragon Age games, though

Yes, I do. Is it a bad thing though? Isn't it natural to compare the franchise, to compare a sequel movie to the original one etc?"
That won't work. Its the same as the PlayStation 3. There is console specific information on the hard drive. So as soon you put it in another ps4 it has to restore and wipe.
It's for the DSi and 3DS. It was available for free for a few months. They took it off the store after that.
[This one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMK-kajdgMA) is pretty good too. Looks like the Konami we knew and loved to varying degrees was only ever a small part of a larger company that doesn't care about games all too mch and isn't run by terribly competent people.
"I was really surprised about the content of the DLC, and then later pleasantly surprised. 

So it is nice to see some awareness for the content here.  "
"I can understand that a teaser for a cancelled game would be taken down, so I am not gonna riot for it. But P.T. was actually more than just a teaser. It was its own little game not actually connected to Silent Hills. Short, yes, but it was one of my favorite horror game experiences so far. Hell, it could take many hours if you don't read up on how to solve certain puzzles. It's an incredibly good looking game with fantastic sound and atmosphere that few games have captured. So yes, I think there is a reason for people to get upset because they actually liked the game. Whether Silent Hills comes or not, I enjoyed P.T. like hell as its own thing - a fun little thrill-ride to show your friends, see their reactions and so on."
"It's kind of hilarious that there were so many shit Silent Hill games, and when Konami finally has an incredibly promising game in the works. Along with a great game in its own right in PT, they effectively destroy it themselves.

It's just bizarre through and through. I don't really understand why Kojima leaving would necessitate cancelling Silent Hills or the removal of the demo. If it's Konami's MO to sink their company I don't imagine I'll miss them much."
"There's a lot to it, actually. Not only was PT an amazing experience, but it was one of the greatest marketing schemes in the history of video games. The amount of buzz and excitement it created in such a short amount of time was unprecedented. That alone makes PT very special for a lot of people. "
"That sounds like an psychological difference, rather than a practical one. I'm not saying you're stupid for feeling this way -- believe me, I get it, I kind of feel the same way -- but I don't think it's entirely rational.

Kind of like how you feel safer in a car than in a plane, when the opposite is true -- at least part of that is because with the car, you're in control. You're way less likely to die in the plane, but if you do, it's even more terrifying because there's nothing you can do about it.

Or, magnify this by a few orders of magnitude: [Terrorism versus car crashes.](http://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=2980)

The basic problem is that humans are really, really shitty at intuitively understanding statistics. We think in terms of stories. We can't help it, and we're very good at it. And we rank stories by things like scariness and drama. We do all that automatically, and it's really hard to *not* do that -- you practically have to get out a pencil and paper and forcing yourself to *consciously* rank scenarios by something like whether they're likely to actually happen ever.

So, as much as it bothers me that I can't prevent this from happening, digital games disappear from libraries so rarely (relative to the number of games and libraries that exist), and personally, I lose and destroy physical media *much* more often. So while the *story* of Valve going evil and wiping out my games tomorrow is way scarier than the story where I accidentally step on a game disc and crack it, practically, my Steam collection is *way* safer than my physical games."
"On my phone, Threes kills all background apps. At least with 2048, I can still listen to Spotify while swiping."
"It's not the end of the world but PT as a thing is really well done. If this Silent Hill game actually came out it probably wouldn't have been like PT. It's debatable whether you could consider it a game or a demo but it's not a demo in the traditional sense that it's a small part of a larger game you can try out. It's something that's worth experiencing whether you care about Silent Hill or not. I've even heard people saying it's one of the best things available on the PS4, it's a must play, fuck I've even seen one or two people call it their game of the year."
"And rip offs of floppy bird are just as ""good"" as floppy bird itself. It'd be a little tougher to emulate PT. "
"I would imagine most ps4s won't work in 25 years either, tbh. An NES is an awful lot less complex than a modern console. Even of you have the disc, good luck finding something to play it on. It could stop running for so many reasons, and the media could be lost or damaged as well.

Digital games being taken down is so rare that a free teaser for a game that's not even being made anymore is causing uproar, let alone a paid game, too.

Your favourite game on Steam or Origin will also have millions of backups that could be copied infinitely that will either be playable (if not downloadable) or cracked to be playable (if access restricted).

Digital is probably much safer, but time will tell."
"&gt; he thinks Clash of Clans is going to be ""game of the year""

He's probably right; it's not exactly some official thing. Some shitty blog or whatever could easily give it that."
"GoG Galaxy is just a front-end for their existing DRM-free distribution system. It doesn't really change anything, licensing-wise. It's not like it torrents the games from other users or something. It's still a centralized download that could in theory be shut down."
"Yuppp. Here I was excited to read a good 'omg DAI is such a goddamn boring grindfest' and I got a bunch of quibbles about gameplay details.

Hey, it's interesting, though."
...oh. I thought this was a full game or something. Suddenly this isn't as big a deal as I thought it was.
"Not only that but it was a genuinely wonderful horror game with a well constructed mood, a descent into real horror, some truly creepy encounters and a few jump scares.  

And it was fairly sophisticated technically -- the art in the game wasn't too complex but it has a fish eye distortion to give a more realistic and authentic corridor simulation.

""Not much to it"" isn't fair.  ""Not as long as a full game"" is fine.  But it still generally took a few hours of play to complete.  That's so much more than free usually gets you."
"&gt;were so excited about shitting themselves with a new 1st Person Silent Hill

It was never going to be a ""first person game"" as far as I know. There was definitely going to be specific *parts* in first person, but the game itself was probably still going to be designed around third person. They were thinking about giving players the option to switch between the two freely, but I personally think that was unlikely to happen. "
"""The consumer version of the Oculus Rift is expected to begin shipping in Q1 2016, with pre-orders opening “later this year,” Oculus VR announced today."""
"&gt;Konami have inadvertently created the world's first rare digital game.

Remember the Deadpool game? It was only available for half a year before Activision lost the rights. Steam gift copies are now quite valuable, I believe."
Alleged pictures of CV1: http://www.polygon.com/2015/5/6/8557893/retail-oculus-rift-coming-in-first-quarter-of-2016
"I wish Craigslist monitored this better. Every ad ends with a book of search terms.

*microsoft surface pro apple ipad air iphone ipad mini retina gaming alienware sony ps4 xbox one ps3 xbox 360 nexus 6 google dell asus acer toshiba lg chromebook samsung msi notebook ultrabook hp envy elite gopro canon nikon laptop HP*"
"Considering the OP is a video of the developer showing off the option to change blood amount, I think we've got it."
"I can understand why you'd feel that way if you hadn't played it, but PT was a true gem in a genre full of coal. "
Additional gameplay from Polish Playstation without commentary: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_dvkGwwny0
"Yes, but as opposed to steam, as long as you have the game on your disk, or even copied it to a backup, you're basically untouchable. Steam can stop you from downloading and playing the game, an you'd need to crack it for steam-free play."
Thank you!  I realize OP just copied IGN's title but why not just tweak it so it's not so clickbaity?
"Even if it was the most spectacular demo on the planet, ""a free demo is no longer available"" isn't nearly as big a deal as ""a game I bought is no longer available.""

EDIT: Didn't mean to diminish the impact of taking PT offline. Just saying that a free demo being removed is leagues apart from a paid-for game being removed."
"This has *always* been the distinction between buying a game from Steam and GoG. GoG has *always* been DRM free. That's like, ""their thing."" The new client to make downloading games more convenient doesn't change that. "
"Honestly, I think Oculus will take a large hit with the Vive releasing earlier. The first to market with a quality product is going to have a huge advantage, and it seems as if Valve and HTC will be the ones with that advantage. "
"Besides yu gi oh(video games and TCG), Pro Evolution Soccer, some star wars games. Strange thing is, despite hearing it often, the annual report suggests pachinko machines don't have as much impact as lots of people repeat."
"It all depends on content, specs, and most importantly price. 

I am almost sure oculus will have more content and will be much cheaper. Lets wait now to see the specs"
"Pop in isn't great but that's kind of to be expected. I stopped noticing it after a while in Dragon Age: Inquisition. Otherwise it seems pretty good. The worst thing appears to be the YouTube compression which is harsh but it makes it look muddy in a way a 1080p game shouldn't so I'll chalk that up to the compression and not the game. Looking forward to it, I hope the game turns out as good as it seems like it could be."
I can't watch the video here.  Can someone summarize?  Last I checked the DLC was pseudo-challenge maps save for the one based on the first movie with nothing really noteworthy in a good or bad way...
"Quite a lot to it, actually. One of the biggest problems with horror games is that once you get an hour or two in, you start to unravel that it's a game. Take Amnesia for example. It's a great game and one of the scariest for sure, but once you encounter the monster a few times you start to learn how mediocre the AI is and how to exploit it. Once you learn the game's tricks, it isn't all that scary anymore. This happens in most horror horror games and it's something that the genre has struggled with since inception. 

But PT doesn't have this problem. There's nothing to exploit and no tricks to be solved. The only predictable element in PT is knowing you'll always end up in the same hallway. Turning that corner at the end of the hallway is always scary. The game's brevity is one of its greatest strengths because it never reveals its hand. 

My only criticism of the game is that the ending is pointlessly obtuse, but the 45 minutes or so preceding that are the finest horror has to offer in gaming. Just IMO.

Man, talking about it is giving me chills. "
Jesus. This is like the fifth comment down. Didevery single person on /r/games know what PT was besides me?
I had developer kit 1 but I haven't followed the news for a couple of years. If a game supports Oculus will it also automatically support Vive or do they have completely different system?
"Yeah pretty much Pseuo-Challenge maps that increase in difficulty, and are a nice addition if you enjoyed the game-play mechanics of the original game. Whilst they add only a little bit of lore, there is nothing drastically noteworthy to the entire story of a whole - which the author kinda felt a little down about as he felt semi dissapointed by the initial ending and before the DLCs believed it was because the ending may have cut to later sell as DLC - which is didnt/hasnt. 

Overal he found it fun, maintains the same theme. Seems like it DLC for people who enjoyed the game but werent quite done with it, though one of the DLCs he said was kinda boring as they did nothing but cut/paste a lot of the environments, whilst the other ones get a little more creative. 

TLDR - Its more of the same thing, some leaderboard stuff, extra 'challenges' for people who enjoyed the game. Nothing amazing, but its a nice option.  "
"I don't think any developer would limit themselves to just oculus for compatibility rights.  Most of the triple a titles will be universally compatible.  That being said, look at other competing brands, they're usually similar in cost.  If oculus is cheaper, you'd better believe that vive will drop it's price."
"This looks great! PS4 owners should be happy :)

I hope it runs on my old PC :/ HD6850 + 965BE, maybe at 720P ;) was lucky enough to get the game as a gift, so at least it's risk free :P"
[They officially announced it on their site now too](https://www.oculus.com/blog/first-look-at-the-rift-shipping-q1-2016/)
"You're absolutely right. Editorializing is introducing opinions, not facts. I could have added that in the title of the post but like I said, posts sometimes get removed for changing (I used editorializing in error) the title. I figured this was safe. 

Sorry internet. I failed you."
"http://www.konami.co.jp/en/ir/financialinfo/sales.html  
Figures in billions of Yen  

* Digital Entertainment - 104.3  
* Health and Fitness - 76.5  
*  Gaming &amp; Systems - 31.6  
*  Pachinko - 5.8   "
"Nah, 2048 was a typical shittier free clone of a quality paid game. But because it's free, eventually it actually became more popular (duh, free downlods vs paid downloads).
"
"Mind reporting back to me about the performance of the game with that card? I've got the same one and I am hesitant about buying the game yet
"
"I could be talking out of my ass here, but iGN *may* have jumped the gun on the article a bit. Nate Mitchell (VP of Product at Oculus) is scheduled to do a talk at [Disrupt NY](http://techcrunch.com/events/disrupt-ny-2015/agenda/) today (check the bottom of the page.) He might have been saving the announcement for then.

Of course, he may well not have been planning on doing that, since I'd expect either Palmer Luckey or Brendan Iribe to handle the big announcements."
When the game it's a demo to was a canceled and one of the best horror experiences in ten years has just been wiped from the Internet there's reason to be angry.
If they use 2 screens it might get a bit more obscure though. Apparently the screendoor-effect is removed though.
"[Official statement](https://www.oculus.com/blog/first-look-at-the-rift-shipping-q1-2016/)

Exciting times!"
It sucks for completely different reasons other than people paying for it. It's a real shame that this incredible piece of very well done game horror is no longer available for people to experience.
"I've never understood why people do if quite as badly as that! Like, I can kinda understand if someone has made shitty YouTube video and tagged it with the name of a not-shitty YouTuber, or trying to sell a shitty Minecraft knockoff by tagging it with 'Minecraft', but the idea that someone will click onto your Dell PC and go 'well, it doesn't look like one of these Xbox 360 things my kid has been asking for but it came up when I searched it so better buy it!'."
"Holy hell it's looking really impressive. At 2:04 he just straight up slices a guy in half. 

Was not expecting that. 

"
"Glad to see it looks good and seems to run well - was a little concerned about how inferior the PS4 version would look. However, I think that sitting a few feet away from a TV and playing it wil compensate abit and it should still looks gorgeous. I wouldn't be playing at 60fps on my 670 anyway so the 30fps doesn't bother me.

Although I could play on PC I'm playing on PS4 initially as a couple of friends of mine will be playing on PS4 and we're looking to adventure/chat in a party whilst we all go through the game - plus if I'm going to play a game for 100 hours I'd like to be comfy and not shut in my small 'Office Room'.

I am still going to get the PC version as well once Steam shove it in a sale later and maybe come back to it after an upgrade.

CDProjekt once again delivers!

"
"Yeah, hearing that the FOV for the holograms was a tiny fraction of your view really put a damper on my excitement. Great tech but it sounds like it needs some time."
"Congratulations to Konami for giving hackers and crackers a project to focus on, that has demand. This will put PS4 piracy on the fast track. "
"This gameplay looks a lot more impressive than the commentated one, the lighting in the woods in particular. 

May 19th can't come soon enough. "
"A demo implies a smaller version of a game. This was its own self-contained short game that was kind of a test for ideas they had for the next Silent Hill game. Since that SH game has been cancelled, this short but complete game is all we have - and now only a select few people even have that much."
"I hope it sticks to that range. It seems pretty reasonable to me. /u/goodbyegalaxy, what about the Vive?"
"In what world is this ""shitty"" looking? Not as good as the maxed out PC footage we've been shown previously sure. But shitty? It will still be one of the best looking games on PS4 on release. "
With all the Facebook money I think they can manage to sell it at the low price they announced. Facebook was willing to invest money to sell it at a low price and establish a consumer base for VR.
"&gt; I don't think any developer would limit themselves to just oculus for compatibility rights.

I hope facebook doesn't throw a shitload of money to convince developers to launch Rift exclusive titles."
"That is one of the good things about piracy that no one can really contest.

You have a lot of media that wouldn't be around, if someone didn't decide to rip it and share it.

Praise to the /r/DataHoarder that will download stuff just to have their own personal museum of digital data."
"All HTC has said about that is it will be ""a slightly higher price point"". DK1 was $300, DK2 was $350, and CV1 could be up to $400. So I would guess the Vive would be around $400-$500. It comes with those controllers though so the higher cost makes sense."
"Not your fault, but those are shitty photos. Black device on a black wallpaper... I can't see shit on mobile. "
"Since you're looking at the screen so close trough the lenses you can see the physical line between the pixels. It looks like a screendoor.


 DK1 was bad, DK2 with pentile pixel display a lot better but still noticiable. Reports from Crescent Bay (prototype that CV1 is based on) reported that you're not seeing it anymore."
"Looks great, the only thing that I noticed took a noticable quality hit was the particle effects from Geralt's fire move that I've see in previous gameplay clips. "
And you still had to bring a mage and a rogue and a warrior to open the various door/wall/force shields.
"I do feel bad for the Threes guys, though. 2048 basically copy/pasted their game, made it available for free and lost them a lot of business in the process. I don't particularly blame them for using 2048 as a keyword to get more people to go to their considerably better game, but I understand why it would've been automatically taken down."
"But it's not called Mirror's Edge 2... it's called Mirror's Edge. Because it's so much better to have to refer to it as ""Mirror's Edge (2016)"" than as ""Mirror's Edge 2"". "
Thank you for being so quick to see the trailer! Great to see people excited to play our game! :) A patch just went live now (or very soon) for a bunch of fixes if you're in the EU :) 
Thank you. Jesus Christ. Title didn't explain it. Link didn't explain it. All the higher comments didn't explain it. What the fuck. 
"Honestly with that rig I would go pc. 

Unless there are other factors like wanting to play in your living room or something along those lines. 

It seems like both versions make the most of the platforms they're on so I wouldn't worry about it from that angle. "
A lot of the clones are better. Android 5.0 has a clone built in as an easter egg in system settings and it plays better than the original because the obstacles have accurate hitboxes so you don't just die on thin air like you did all the time in flappy bird.
"&gt; 2048 basically copy/pasted their game

No, there's real fundamental differences between Threes and 2048; really the only similarities are that they're both sliding tile games, based around combining similar tiles, with a number theme. 2048 made significant changes that make it less of a game but also really easy to play mindlessly. 

It's like the difference between The Game of Life and Chutes and Ladders."
They will likely have a large booth showing off the CV1 with the included input device and games they have in development. Their big conference isn't until september-ish ([Oculus Connect](https://www.oculus.com/connect/)).
"Oculus has the advantage of name. A lot of people don't even know about the Vive, and other are probably calling it ""Oh yeah, the HTC Oculus"". "
"And since this is Valve, things will probably change. However, they have a partnership with HTC there might be a clause somewhere in the contract that says they *have* to ship at a certain time. "
"Honestly, I think this is like saying Android would struggle because iOS came out first.

Hell, it took years for a decent Android phone to even compete with iPhone, and they seem to do fine now.

The VR market will take a long time to build, and there's plenty of time for Oculus, Vive, or even anyone else to establish themselves.

To think that a few months will matter much is a fallacy in my opinion. It's a small advantage in the near term at best, but there's many other more important factors that will decide how the competition will play out."
"Well, it really is an HTC product, and Valve just partnered with them to help design it and make it the flagship Steam VR device, so ""Valve Time"" probably doesn't really apply here. I don't know what HTC's track record is like, though."
"Not only is it not downloadable anymore, if even has a [stop working date](https://twitter.com/dd_toronto/status/595935308861943808).

This is seriously sad. I'll try to record a non-commentary run for myself of this game to upload on youtube in the highest quality possible, so I can still kind-of enjoy it without anyone talking over it as soon as its gone. I'm really sad with all the ongoings this game is going through. :("
Actually I've tried this before and had my post removed. Best not to touch the original title at all.
"There was a leak of an Oculus contract awhile back that did specify exclusivity to the platform (specifically the Oculus store) but Palmer came out and said that this was reserved for very large, expensive projects that Oculus was pouring money into, and that the language might change depending on what the final version of the Oculus store looks like. 

In any case I don't expect exclusivity to last very long once any particular piece of software is out. Too many smart people out there willing to mod cross compatibility in. "
"Looks interesting. Never heard of the game or the devs before.

Taken from the Steam page:

An open-world Space Survival Simulation for PC and Mac built in Unreal Engine 4 that features an original score from Jack Wall. 

Take the role of Captain as you explore a massive solar system in search of a new home for humanity. Outfit your ship, hand pick your crew and set off on a journey where you must scavenge resources, shelter civilians and outrun a hostile alien force in order to survive. 

Your ship, the Ark 13, is the last to leave our besieged planet and you are at the helm. But before you set out, some decisions must be made: Which modules will you choose to take with you and who will manufacture them? What resources will fill your limited cargo holds and which crew members will you take under your wing? 

Once in flight, your responsibilities as Captain will push your limits: 
- Monitor the condition of your crew, civilians and modules 
- Ensure a steady flow of resources for your Modules 
- Explore derelict ships and dangerous planets with Landing Parties 
- Engage aliens of all types in Trade and Combat 
- Navigate a solar system filled with celestial bodies, asteroids and mines 
- Evade a pursuing enemy determined to destroy you 

About the company (from their Twitter page):

Fugitive Games, LLC was founded in 2014 by a group of crafty veterans to build games that focus on fun and community first. Their first game is Into the Stars

Quite a lot of space sim type games coming out- Elite, Star Citizen, Space Engineers. Can't have enough in my opinion."
They're still there. It's the same deal with DK2. The leds are hidden in the cover. The tracking IR-sensor can still see them though.
People that don't want their entire screen to be taken up by gore are pussies? Don't cut yourself on all that edge. 
"Yep.

The game is cancelled so they pulled the demo, I can't see the problem.  Why spend money on hosting &amp; bandwidth for a demo of a game that will never be made?

If it was an actual completed, released game that they pulled and left people out of pocket I could understand."
"I got an email through Kickstarter announcing this information 90 minutes ago, so they aren't exactly keeping it a secret at this point. "
"As someone with a DK2 and a not quite top of the line computer, be prepared to build an entirely new rig dedicated to being able to push the (expected) 90 FPS for non-judder gaming on the consumer version"
"No, not really. Anybody who really knows what the Rift is by name will use the names, and people who don't will call them all ""virtual reality things""."
I would assume they're going to release a batch of content made for VR that won't need the ultra-specced PC to run on 90FPS. 
"Oh I'm sure there will be some stuff you can play around with but full fledged games are probably going to need the ultra-specced PCs to play.  Hell, I've even had issues with some tech demos with my DK2 since I couldn't hit the 75 FPS needed"
PC seems like a no brainer then really. The game was delayed for the sole purpose of crushing bugs and polishing etc. so I don't think you need to worry too much about that but maybe wait for some concrete info on day 1
Bingo. Any change at all runs the risk of your post being removed for 'editorializing'. Simpler to just copy paste.
"Which is unfortunate. Some original titles are terrible, such as this one that lacks important information. "
"I dont agree. It would be, at the very least, dishonest to say that Apple didnt benefit enormously from being first to market with a touchphone, first with a tablet, etc. More recently other companies have caught up to a degree, arguably to a huge degree, but apple is still a major if not the biggest player, atleast in the niches they stuck to (i.e. premium vs budget devices).  

Being second certainly wont destroy Oculuses chances, and marketing and each devices quality will play big roles, but its imo stupid to say that a first to market advantage doesnt exist or isnt big. "
"http://www.konami.co.jp/en/ir/ir-data/statements/2015_3q/html/005.html

Digital Entertainment includes all their mobile, arcade, and console games.

Gaming &amp; Systems is their casino gaming machines division, while Pachinko Slot Machines have their own category."
"Apple's advantage was being many years ahead of the competition with their software technology. 

I'm not saying first to market doesn't exist, but if the vive and rift are comparable in specs, then a few months is not gonna be the deciding factor.

One of them could easily have a killer app/feature that trumps any advantage being first could bring.

To keep with the mobile analogy, Apple sold 6 million of their first phone. In a market of a billion phones sold. 

I think the VR market is gonna be huge in a few years. But version 1 of Vive/Rift will be sold to a niche market in comparison, just like the first iPhone. "
"CS, TF2 and L4D aren't titles that will be well suited to VR.  Way too fast paced.  They might make new versions of these titles but they will have to be quite different experiences."
"Don't underestimate how crazy a lot of people are over PT. /r/silenthill  is basically on meltdown right now. People keep saying it was a demo, but it was in all rights its own self contained game that had a silent hill teaser as the credits."
"the creator of 2048 didn't ""steal"" his game. He made a new game with a similar concept of Threes! and released it as a little open source web game. Because it was open source people made their own apps out of it, that's why there's an abundance of a 100% legal copies scattered across all platforms.

&gt; I wish the Threes! creator had some other form of recourse.

Sure. But i still believe nothing unfair was done to Threes! creator."
I don't like how his sword and Witcher himself never gets covered in blood.  When you pierce a person I expect to see bloodied sword. 
"Am I the only one that doesn't care about the GT Vision cars?  Concept cars are such a cop out.  ""Yeah, it's got, like, 6 million horsepower and weighs 10 lbs"".  

"
"This is a very interesting decision. They absolutely own Europe and to skip the biggest European stage is odd. However they now make Paris Game Week a much bigger event. Big fish in a small pond approach. They will now absolutely own that week for news while they'd be sharing the stage at Gamescom. 

Also the PlayStation Experience is probably coming back late this year because it was such a huge success for them. I think a lot of people will spin this news about Gamescom as a negative but really. Gamescom is a mess and maybe it's better to spread out the news."
"Hurray! More CA-3 &amp; 4s!

Maybe the price will go down to a reasonable level. I (stupidly) plugged my Anniversary ones in, jumped two jumps, realized I had at least a billion in implants inside of a frigate, jumped clones, and never saw mine again.

Edit: I didn't even realize this wasn't /r/Eve. Whoopsies!

/u/Zerus_ is right, though. Basically, they released these implants (stat increase) a while ago with a collector's thing. I used them, without realizing how valuable they were originally, but wasn't willing to risk losing them when what I fly is generally not worth anywhere near that. So I parked them in a station and haven't seen them since. Hell, I don't even know what station they're parked in, heh."
Thanks for the clarification. I'll keep that in mind for future posts. I  apologize for any inconvenience it has caused you guys so far. 
"I'm getting excited. I probably won't be able to afford any of the headsets for a while, but having them finally arrive to market and start to compete is what I need for prices to come down and innovation to go up.

Can't wait to see who is more integrated into the games I play and want to play. VR, I can't wait to have you be a reality in my life."
That's one thing I love about the Dragon Age games. You get in a fight and everyone is covered in blood. 
"I appreciate you being cool about it. Like I said, sorry you even had to take time out of your day to comment on it. "
"Not true, the screendoor effect is solved by increasing the pixel density. The resolution is mostly irrelevant, so you could render at 720p resolution if you wanted, where each rendered pixel is displayed using 4 physical pixels."
"No, it sounds like an incredible experience has just been taken away and people are angry because of it."
"I think it's the other way around. The average consumer knows HTC, I don't think they'll know who occulus are "
"Approximately 1440p, is what most are speculating. Though you can always render at a lower resolution if you needed some extra frames. A bit of blurriness is much better than frame rate drops in VR. "
does anyone have a non youtube source? that is waay to compressed. i dont understand how youtube still sticks to such low standards. 
Mount and Blade Warband is really good for that too. At the end of a long battle I almost feel worried that my character may have contracted something with how much blood hes bathed in lol.
It does but that only works on the same ps4. If you put the restored copy in an other ps4 then the restore option will activate. 
"Have you actually played Threes and 2048? Yes, 2048 was directly inspired by Threes, I'm not arguing against that. They're games in the same genre, and one of them clearly inspired the other.

But where Threes is a slower, methodical roguelike of a game, 2048 is a fast paced rogue_lite_. "
"&gt; first with a tablet

First with a good tablet. That's the point, the quality matters, not being first."
"Beyond just that, they made a version that's more popular and released it on a platform that Threes wasn't even available on for, what, a year?

You cant blame people for going for the clone when you wont release your game for 50% of the demographic.  And you cant blame those 50% for talking about the game and making it more well known with the other 50%"
"What use is an ""affordable consumer product"" (300-400 bucks) to anyone if you need SLI 980s to use it properly?

"
"And Duke Nukem and every other fps wouldn't be around without Doom. It's called iteration. Threes and 2048 are different games that use a similar mechanic; that's it.
"
"&gt;You're assuming the consumer version will actually work with SLI properly 

Not really, no.

""SLI 980s"" is just my go-to phrase when I want to describe ""*an expensive shit-ton of GPU power that even most core gamers can't afford easily*""."
"Man, sounds like you're really unlucky - I luckily haven't experienced any of your three problems at all. If you have time, I would suggest posting about it either on the [Steam forums](http://steamcommunity.com/app/310560/discussions/1/611704730326246449/), the [DiRT forums](http://forums.codemasters.com/discussion/5755/dirt-rally-how-to-report-a-bug), or submitting a bug report via email to dirtgame(at)codemasters(dot)com, or possibly messaging /u/justbiglee directly on here. Some good news for you, however; it seems they're already aware of the various menu crashes and the next update should hopefully fix most / all of those."
"I'm Swedish and even I think his name is pretty weird. Jerk? Jerker I have heard, but Jerk? Is it like a nickname?"
"I think, y'know, *when* the general public talks about VR headsets we're still at the calling it a ""VR headset"" stage. It's not quite Hoover or Google yet."
"Yeah.  Like Microsoft threw a bunch of money at some sports franchise (NFL?) to use exclusively Surface tablets, and the announcers kept referring to them as ipads.  I actually felt bad for MS."
"I've just stopped submitting things to this sub, you can't win. The rules are fucking silly and subject to arbitrary interpretation"
"I used to work in mobile game development specifically as an Android dev, it's still a profitable venture if you focus on the major market share phones (like Samsung).

Also, for a game as simple as ""Threes!"" that really isn't a big problem. 

Anyway, are you just speculating or quoting the original dev? I don't really care for speculation since most speculation ends up being the usual repeated facts that tend to be misinformed."
"The loading and unskippable cut scenes are really the worst part of the GTA online experience. The Heist themselves are really fun. And most Heists and setups have you play together with other players with different roles. The races on the other hand is only as bad as the people you play against.

 What Yahtzee exprienced in the bike race is a player trying get some easy race wins. Since in order to unlock engine/transmission/break upgrades, you will have to win a specific number of races.  Those unlocks should be based on the number of races you completed not won. "
"Wow, even with the compression factored in I am impressed with how this looks. I know it isn't Maxed out PC fidelity (My PC can't hit anywhere near that), but it still looks great too me. Can't wait for it to be out so we can all dive in. "
"Yup, it is 90 Hz.  From my layman's understanding a higher refresh rate reduces the latency/lag which makes it easier for the brain to ""believe"" the image it's seeing"
"&gt; I guess they could have put the date in the title, but then they don't get views

There you go.
"
"Their new video player that won't work with adblock: Take a deep breath Klondeikbar, they need the ad revenue to keep producing content you enjoy...being forced to watch obnoxious ads for products you'll never buy and brands you're probably beginning to outright resent is better than a subscription fee...it's better than a subscription fee...it's better than a subscription fee...*deep breath*"
"If you can't get the video to play and don't want to disable Adblock, simply right-clicking in the big black area where there's supposed to be a video and clicking ""Play"" started the video. This is in Firefox, might work in other browsers too."
"In Firefox, and possibly other browsers, if you right-click in the area where the video is supposed to be, there should be a Play option in the pop-up menu. Just click that, no need to disable Adblock."
"&gt; The title seems like a normal, everyday news headline.

It used to be that the headline gave you the news, not a teaser for you to get the news. Headlines today are more of an advertisement."
"&gt;besides when you alt tab out and back in, the game is no longer full screen

Typical Codemasters code at work. Easily fixed via alt-enter, if the F1 series is anything to go by."
Thanks for the tip. I really don't wanna be one of those spoiled shits that demands free content and fuck the content producers revenue but advertisers have *got* to come up with less obnoxious ads.
"I hope they keep doing quicklooks like this, between the offices. It worked surprisingly well Alex, Drew and Vinny are great."
The general public doesn't have VR headsets anywhere on their radar much less anything close to a default name for them.  This sub is definitely the only place I've been able to get exposure to the idea. Most people probably have seen a tech or finance news article on them but IMO it's not at the point where they're really paying attention. 
"HTC Vive runs at 90 Hz. This is necessary to avoid simulator sickness.  Causes of simulator sickness are unknown, but high refresh rate and accurate low latency positional tracking help a lot."
Wasn't the Gamescom keynote the one that had the really terrible camerawork including a particularly wacky zoom?
"&gt;  if you don't like racing sims enough to buy a wheel, you should probably stay away from racing sims, DiRT rally included

I'm sure a wheel  is great, but I disagree. I'm having a blast using an xbox 360 controller. I don't doubt we're having different experiences, but I got my money's worth even without a wheel."
"I wonder why Twitter doesn't want games in embedded tweets? I assume the terms of use cover games you made yourself too, so it's probably not copyright infringement they're worried about, it says no games at all. "
"Tested compared.

http://www.tested.com/tech/concepts/504521-htc-vive-vs-oculus-crescent-bay-my-10-vr-takeaways/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=leg2gS6ShZw"
"If I understood correctly, and if not someone will assuredly call me out; He undocked his anniversary gift ship. Realized his character had many expensive implants that will be lost if he blows up. Left his ship abandoned for a bit to get a fresh clone and returned to find his ship got jacked. Getting exploded and robbed is like 99% of what happens in EVE. 

Edit: I appreciate you guys for correcting me without eating my face. :)"
"&gt;Listed under “what the approval team looks for” in its developer documentation for cards, Twitter states: “Do not build end-to-end interactive experiences inside the video or audio player unrelated to Player Card content, such as the following: purchasing, gaming, polling, messaging, and data entry.”

They don't want Twitter to be anything other than a messaging service.  They don't want someone else building their system on top of Twitter's servers."
They have said as much. I think it took them a lot longer to get the studio set up than they expected. (CBS wouldn't let them use their existing internet in their building in NY so they had to get a completely separate line just for GBEast.)
"I think ultimately what ruins GTA online is how structured it is. Look at how people play every single other GTA game online. It's just pure mayhem, people dicking around doing whatever they want. Personally I hate GTA online because it's such a huge departure from what the series has been when it comes to online. "
I literally only ever visit the escapist for the Zero Punctuation videos so even $20 a year isn't worth it.
"Also, its a pain in the hole to grind up the cash and levels to use the fun weapons/vehicles, and the anti-griefing system is really poorly implemented.

But hey, at least they finally added heists a year late."
"I personally hope they will never do that. EVE Valkyrie looks like a great game but EVE Online's combat system is perfect for what it wants to achieve. 

It's a tactical combat system that focuses more on information/intel, how you react, preperation etc instead of pressing buttons faster. This is perfect, I mean just imagine flying anything bigger than a Frigate with WASD movement... (Which is why EVE Valkyrie is showing ships even smaller than frigates)


Both trailers you linked are gameplay btw, the first one just uses nifty tracking shots etc. "
"Not quite. You have two entities in space in EVE: Your clone(which you can have multiple of) that is an exact copy of your character. And your active ship with equipment etc. If you are not in a ship, the clone will be in a Pod(which is basically a ship with nothing but the ability to get into warp drive relatively quickly)


Implants are used on clones. If you lose your ship, your character's Pod is exposed and can be destroyed. But if you don't lose that Pod, you don't lose the implants(only ship + ship equipment).


Pods are very easy to kill since they're basically just small flies, but they take longer to target,. So they could escape relatively easily depending on where they are.


/u/lodum is getting at the fact that he was flying a very expensive clone(Implants are passive boosts that can give you an edge, or let you fit equipment you otherwise couldn't fit) in a ship thats easily destroyed. Probably in an area where his Pod wouldn't escape very easily as well. "
"to be devil's advocate (I agree with you for the most part, especially the way it was near launch, before they reduced the cost of dying and increased rewards for completing jobs), if you're REALLY just looking to fuck around with friends, you can create a custom job with all the weapons/vehicles/pedestrians/traffic you desire. Not sure if that limits map size though. I can't imagine it does TOO much though, because some jobs take you pretty much all the way across the map sometimes."
"Uhh Castlevania has had a bunch of phenomenal games on the GBA/DS since SotN, some of which were just as great. "
"He means a splatter that lands on the ground, not really a big deal in my opinion, not even sure how realistic that would be. "
The New Order was a really pleasant surprise and one of my favorite games of 2015. I'm really looking forward to this - I'll be giving it a spin soon. Really digging this trend of standalone expansions too.
"The classes are land, sea and air though. So a win with any of the land vehicle classes counts for every other land vehicle class. So say you win for with super cars it will count for bikes, muscle etc."
"Well, you can't necessarily use the unlocked parts to help win. It's up to the host to choose if custom vehicles are allowed or not.

That said, yes, it's an incredibly stupid system (like a lot of GTA:O), and that's why my friend and I cheesed a bunch of wins for me so I could upgrade my armored car for the hard heists."
They can factor into it. It all comes down to whether the host of the race decides to allow Custom modded cars of that particular class to be used. 
I've played a few levels and if you're a fan of TNO you have to pick this up. It's a great add on to an already great storyline.
"The gameplay is on par (or just slightly better in TOB), but the story takes a back seat. Meh. Less narrative, less cutscenes... :("
"So this may come as an unpopular opinion, but...I've been obsessed with Bloodborne, probably sinking a good number of  hours into it so far. However, the entire time I'm playing Bloodborne, I keep thinking ""This is what Castlevania should have become."" Bloodborne I feel is what the Castlevania series should have evolved into. The atmosphere, the combat, the interconnected map, the hidden paths, the tough-as-nails bosses, the sub-weapons...it all really resonates with me as a Castlevania fan.

Konami used to be great. I'm not sure what kind of future, if any, there'll be for Castlevania. MGSV is almost potentially a swan song for Konami as we know it.

Oh, for what it's worth, I really liked Lords of Shadow. I disliked Mirrors of Fate, but the first LoS was pretty fun. I'm also a fan of Lament of Innocence, but that one seems to be forgotten a lot.

"
"Not all cut scenes. Mid mission cut scenes (I'm looking at you, woman who is selling the Humane Labs access codes) have to replay every time you restart.

"
"This needs more detail. The connection between the devs and GoG, along with GoGs tendency to take cheap ""holier than thou"" shots against anyone that isn't them , makes me feel iffy about this statement. I'd like to hear GMGs side on this."
"I have a lot of fun with GTA Online, but trying to do a heist with randoms is a fucking nightmare. 

Even if you can get one going without someone leaving or involuntary disconnects, you have to hope that not even one of your four teammates is a complete windowlicker. I don't know if you guys have ever been on the internet, but the odds are sorely stacked against you in that regard."
"Can't watch the vid because I'm at work, but I see he talked about what's wrong with it.  For me, there are two things seriously wrong with the game.

1.  I can't select Team Deathmatch, First Person, No Auto Aim, and be thrown into a match.  I can't select Rally Race, Third Person, Sedans, No custom cars and get a match.  I **LOVE** rally racing, but I've only done it twice successfully since I bought the game the first time.

2.  Mission creator, what will probably create the most replay-ability in the game, still doesn't exist, and AFAIK Rockstar hasn't said a fucking word about it.  As a moderator of the failing /r/GTAContent, this really boils my beans."
"The article has been updated with new information and statements since it was submitted:

&gt;A representative for CD Projekt Red tells GameSpot that Green Man Gaming's Witcher 3 codes are coming from an ""unknown source."" As such, none of the revenue from Green Man Gaming's current Witcher 3 promotion will go to GOG.com or CD Projekt Red. If you'd like to buy The Witcher 3 directly from CD Projekt Red, head to the game's GOG.com page

**Update:**

A statement from Green Man Gaming CEO Paul Sulyok: http://www.gamespot.com/articles/witcher-3-39-codes-legitimate-despite-dev-accusati/1100-6427149/

&gt;""Following a six-month dialogue with CD Projekt RED about the launch of The Witcher 3, we were disappointed that despite the offer of significant cash advances, and other opportunities to officially work together, CDPR chose not to engage with a number of significant, reputable, and successful retailers, including ourselves, as they instead focused on supporting their own platform (GOG)."" 
 
&gt;Sulyok explains that GMG chose to essentially go around CD Projekt RED by acquiring digital copies of the game from third parties and retailers that were approved by CD Projekt RED. According to Sulyok, this means that CD Projekt RED is getting the revenue from sales of these games, and that any additional discount is absorbed by GMG. Earlier today, CD Projekt RED told GameSpot it was getting ""zero"" revenue from these sales.

"
"I posted this after the update. Prior to the update, there was no indication of ""grey market"" keys coming from unknown sources. It was just a normal news post letting their readers known about the deal. 

---------

**UPDATE 2**

Writing in the [CD Projekt Red forums](http://forums.cdprojektred.com/threads/35436-Witcher-3-35-off?p=1634844&amp;viewfull=1#post1634844), development manager Rafał Jaki said fans of the company should not buy The Witcher 3 from Green Man Gaming.

""I would kindly ask our fans no to buy via GMG at this time. We had not sold them Keys and don't know the origin of them,"" he said."
"The upgrades make a huge difference - it's nearly impossible to beat a decent racer if they have the upgrades and you don't.
Custom vehicles default to on, and in my experience it's usually left that way by the host. "
"I will take this chance to finally talk about my own feelings on GTA Online, since the GTA subreddit doesn't want more people to ""whine"" about problems I guess.

First what I really like:

+ The gameplay is solid, just like in singleplayer. It's fun to play.

+ The Heists are really fun, especially the final missions where everyone has their job, everyone is important and it all comes together.

+ There is a lot of customisation which is great.

+ It's nice how you can buy apartments and cars etc.

+ I actually like the unlocking stuff, it motivates you to level up and be rewarded for it.

+ Some of the stuff your contacts can do is pretty fun, like Lesters ability to remove wanted levels, set bounties or make the police turn a blind eye. Or sending Merryweather to hunt a player or getting a helicopter delivered to you.

+ After spending 60+ hours in singleplayer it was a rather nice change of flavor to be able to play a female avatar to mix it up.

But now here's some stuff I don't like in general:

- The overworld map is somehow rather lackluster, there just isn't that much to do and I guess players just mostly hunt each other.

- The phone calls are really annoying, without changing it in the options (and even then...) you get constant phone calls, one after the other and you're bombarded by text messages. Worst of all is that getting a phonecall disablers some of your controls, shooting to be specific, which killed me more than once.

- It's a bit strange how you cannot buy a hangar, dock or helipad or at least have an apartment with helipad, so you're unable to have easy access to any aircraft or boats you may buy. Why not have like a big 1mio $ mansion that has its own landing strip and helipad where you can store and access your own aircraft at least?

- The customisation is really great and all, but there're some strange limits, especially when it comes to masks and helmets.

- You're unable to change anything about your body after character creation... why not add a plastic surgeon at hospitals?

- The special weapons (right wall in Ammunation) kind of defeats the purpose of unlocking stuff if you can buy a Special Carbine and a Homing Launcher at level 1. Though it does help.

- The Interaction menu (M on PC)is really clunky and you can only bind one option to the Shift key. Though it's cool that between firefights you can snack up and equip new armor.

- The loading times are atrocious.

And here's some stuff what I don't like about heists in specific:

- Above all what Yahtzee himself said... that you cannot change roles between re-tries. Way too often I've encountered the problem that it turns out a player cannot pilot aircraft at all or is way too low level to be of any use in heavy combat situation, especially when so many people want to play on hard. There really should be an option to change between failures or go back to the planning room and start over without having to actually quit and re-invite everyone.

- If you fail you're able to buy ammo and armor on the retry screen... however it only lets you buy 1 armor to equip and it doesn't show you how damaged your armor actually is. So you might waste 500$ to fix a small scratch on it. And with ammo you can only buy all or nothing.

- Heists shouldn't completly fall apart because a single player leaves, there should instead be an option to recruit a replacement player and start from where your group left off. The invited player could be informed that it's an ongoing heist.

- It should be made much easier to rejoin the host for the next heist mission. Sometimes after a mission you end up in their apartment and can join them in the planning room, but othertimes you have to wait and hope to get an invite.

- There should be a filter for heist and mission invites. Especially for different targeting modes. I just hate to accept an invite, be informed that I would have to change targeting mode, and then have to back out again... what a waste of time!

- In some missions there should be more assisting tools... for example if a mission requires players to take down enemies at the same time they should be able to start a small counter like 3-2-1-Fire! or have some quick-emotes to ask for help or whatever. There's one heist mission where a navigator can give directions to the driver by having arrows appear on his/her screen... I'm thinking of something like that.

And wow this has gotten a lot longer than I expected..."
"Input delay is a real problem for many games.

Or why do you think that most platformers run at 60?
Same goes for racing games.

Now this game in particular might not suffer as much from input delay but your statement is just untrue. You mean to say that double the responsiveness has absolutely no effect on gameplay? "
"Not sure about ""most"" people. I enjoyed the story and many reviewers or youtubers said the same. But I am happy you like it. Not everyone needs huge story and that is perfectly fine!"
For summarizing a press release? They wrote seven sentences to pad out the only piece of information that everyone wants: a date.
"A great write-up and I agree with a lot of your points. I love GTA online but it is not without its faults.

&gt; The overworld map is somehow rather lackluster, there just isn't that much to do and I guess players just mostly hunt each other.

What's strange about this one is there are a lot of lobby events that *can* happen, such as Armoured Trucks to rob, smuggler planes to shoot down, cops to distract etc. They even added more in the recent update. But for some reason they are extremely rare and you can play for a long time without seeing one. It's disappointing and I'm not sure what the reasons for this are.
"
"One tactic in the grey market is stripping the codes from retail boxes meant for another region. 

However GMG are supposed to be a legitimate key reseller, getting their keys directly from the publisher, or whatever route the publisher uses to handle digital keys (wholesaler)."
"Oh yes! This game is superb fun again, great voice acting, level design, graphics and immersion.

Oh, and great fun, ofcourse."
"GoG is part of CD Prokekt Red, it's their own storefront, so I'd assume the developers know when a distributer is getting keys illegitimately or not."
"It also seems like most players just don't do them. Rarely do I see someone fight off a gang attack, but outside of that... not much is happening.

Really feels more like a big deathmatch with a few players just messing around."
"Well that's a little disconcerting. I've purchased games from GMG multiple times with absolutely no indication that they were anything other than a legit retailer. They are featured on /r/gamedeals (which does not allow grey key sellers) pretty much daily. I've even taken part in this particular promotion. 

I'm definitely not comfortable using grey market keys. Not only have keys like this been revoked by developers on previous occasions but none of the money that should be going to support developers actually makes it to them. If it's true they are using grey keys then I will have to reconsider doing business with them in the future."
"Just wait a day or two to hear back from GMG. Hopefully, they explain themselves. If they fail to do so, I guess there's no guarantee then that they're selling legit keys for games. "
Especially since after that cut scene the two people on the ground are in the WORST position possible. You learn after the first death that enemies spawn behind and to your sides. So you need to find new cover (there's a garage that will open for you that's a good hold out spot). But trying to run for any cover instantly gets every bullet shot your way (and AI never misses). So you will see her cutscene a lot. I have that damn thinged memorized now. 
"&gt; no indication that they were anything other than a legit retailer. 

Rebellion, the devs of Sniper Elite 3, even list them as a licensed partner:

http://steamcommunity.com/app/238090/discussions/0/540744936577983546/"
"There's no ""area"" when you create a job. So if you make a death match, you can go across the map and nothing yells at you or teleports you back. We've used this method for recording shit for videos. Make a death match. Spawn whatever vehicles and weapons you want. Then you and your friends load into it, grab what you need then drive to where you want to go. For high speed chases we will set up a custom race and keep traffic, weapons and wanted levels on, and again have whatever we want spawned at the starting point. "
"GMG gets their keys from an authorized dealer, maybe it's screwed up with the Witcher 3 but GMG has always pulled in their keys from a company that direct sells to retailers."
"So I just built a new PC and picked up the steam bundle (didn't play New Order). 

Anyone think I will have any problems playing Old Blood first?  It's the one I have downloaded and since its a prequel I should be able to get through both games without getting too mixed up. "
"&gt; GoG is part of CD Prokekt Red

Technically, GoG and CD Projekt Red are both subsidiaries of CD Projekt."
"&gt;GMG cannot magically sell keys below other stores without doing something.

They can sell them at lower profit margins. The general public has no idea what margins each particular online retailer operates with nor should we be expected to.

It's common for retailer to one up each other on the price of new releases. The only reason you don't see such dramatic drops on steam is because they are the big dog.

GMG has never been shown to be anything other than a legit online retailer as far as I've known about it. It's commonly featured on /r/gamedeals, which doesn't allow grey key sellers. So I'm not convinced it's reasonable for someone to expect that they would suddenly break into the grey key market."
"&gt;They cannot sell keys at a loss

Sure they can.  It's called a ""sale"" or ""loss leader"".  It's a method of buying mindshare of your potential customers by giving them a few deals that are too good to be true, and charging normal or high prices on other things to make up for it."
"Fuck the Merryweather chopper escort. Buddy and I were on a coast causing havoc, blowing up everything. After an hour, all ammo gone, we decided to head back to town. Oh I know, I'll get us a helicopter! It lands. Oh. It flies us to a marked waypoint. Okay I guess, a little boring but sure. Make a waypoint and sit back. Suddenly we have 5 stars. Oh. That bastard flew right over the army base. We're shot down and respawn in the swamp with no vehicle in site. 

Thanks Merryweather!"
"&gt; Let's be honest, most people play it for the gameplay not the story.

Let's not state baseless claims as if they're fact. 

I couldn't find any actual studies on what percentage of people consider gameplay more important than story. However, looking at how many modern games place a heavy emphasis on the narrative, I can only assume that a good story sells significantly more games. Besides, do you really think the game would be that much worse with more story focus? Those who don't care about the story could just skip cutscenes and not pay attention to the dialogue."
"They could use the CBS internet, the issue is just that a lot of things game-related were getting blocked by CBS's web filter and they'd have to submit an unblocking request (which wasn't even always being approved) and overall it was just too damn much of a hassle."
"A place selling a game cheaply isn't enough evidence for people to discount it as valid, especially when it's otherwise a partner for places like Steam. GMG didn't just pop up over night.

$39.99 for this game is a deal, but it's not so mind-boggling that it would automatically make me question my otherwise very positive experiences with GMG. I mean, I can get this game for $48 retail at Best Buy with my club membership. Hell, that's what GMG would sell it for just using their basic coupon and no other deals.

CDPR questioning it is what makes it suspect. I don't think the price alone is it and acting like everyone should just ""know better"" is a bit disingenuous."
"Yeah, i can dick around, oh wait. You need to level up to get access to different weapons and cars, you need to level up to do heists. The game is terribly gated. You're forced to level in GTA online if you want to do anything beyond taking pot shots at cops with basic weapons. Why do I need to own an apartment just to set up a robbery? R* took out half of what makes their online modes sandbox. Beyond the map GTA online is very much a theme park."
I don't understand how this could work. Doesn't CDPR control the keys? Wouldn't someone inside have to be selling/distributing them at discount to GMG?
"No one ever mentions how you're a blood covered laser ghost in Dragon Age, but they always complain that you're an elf. "
"X-posting my comment from /r/pcgaming:  


For those wondering how this is possible:  
The keys are ""legit"", they are just abusing the fact that this game has 2 publishers: CDPR for the digital version (Steam and GOG/GOG keys), and Namco Bandai (physical versions for the 3 platforms).  
As GMG sells GOG keys, the publisher for those keys is (supposed to be) CDPR. If CDPR has not given keys to GMG, there is 99% chance that they bought hundred/thousand boxed copies of the game in a country where the game worth nothing and don't have region restriction (I'd say Ukraine if I have to guess).  
That's why they are considering those keys coming from ""an unknown source"".  
The most fucked here is CDPR, they should deactivate those key because GMG is not allowed to sell them but they can't do that because those keys are supposed to be in the hand of the other publisher (Namco)..."
"They confirmed this on like day one.

It's one of the main reasons why people are so skeptical about the AT-AT being off rails at all, because when somebody asked them about the ST they were like ""yeah absolutely, it's a fully controllable vehicle"" but the AT was the ""well in the demo as you have seen it of the game mode that was presented it is on rails but I'll say no more!"""
That's also the shit part of the gang attack events the fact that you can do it solo. It was easy at the start and its piss easy the second you get an armored vehicle like the Kuruma.
"How can they possibly not be getting any money if these are working GOG keys? It seems more likely that GMG procured the keys from a cheaper region and that original buyer paid GOG for bulk keys at a lower regional price.

When the game was first made available on Steam without region locks, many traders could be found selling Steamgift versions for $17, purchased from the Russian store."
"How can they trace it, when the key is not in their hands? Surely, if they can obtain a key from GMG, they can ascertain which batch exactly it came from (either from a retail disc packaging, or the nVidia promotion etc). "
"They are a license partner for Rebellions game, not necessarily others. A deal can be setup between GMG and Rebellion/Their Publisher and not CDProjekt. "
"GMG is *generally* a pretty legitimate key reseller.  This is most likely some type of stupid misunderstanding, but we may never know for sure.

Easiest way for us to tell, whether or not GMG pulls the game or raises the price.  If they dont, CDPR fucked up."
It seems like loss leaders are probably far less effective in digital markets than they would be in traditional commerce since buying other products from another vendor only takes a few clicks or keystrokes.
"The grinding aspect part of this was a nuisance.

Basically me and a friend let eachother win on a 1 lap race over and over and over and over and over. "
"Could GMG just be selling the keys at-cost or at a loss, pulling a Wal-Mart knowing they will make the money back on other purchases? "
"Okay... I'm starting to get a nasty taste in my mouth about this one.

CDPR/GOG should be able to *easily* tell where the keys GMG are selling came from.  If they're not tracking who they're providing keys to for sales then they're doing something horribly wrong.  Saying it's an unknown source... unless they're legitimately stolen off a truck, which they should be able to easily track down whether something like that happened, then it seems like a bit of BS to me..

I have a feeling that this is a stupid misunderstanding, but neither side will ever admit to screwing up.  But what annoys me worse is the odd conflict of interest with CDPR trying to limit sales on a competitors market through such a shady method.

If we dont hear the full story in the next day, or we dont see GMG remove the game or change the price, I'm going to assume CDPR pulled some manipulative stuff here..."
"You'll have no problems. There aren't any spoilers, the story from The Old Blood sets up the beginning area of The New order but aside from that, they really aren't connected at all. "
"They keys may have been stolen from a store with witcher 3 promo codes from the Nvidia campaign. Also, if the keys were purchased on the super cheap by someone some time ago, CD Projekt Red still don't see any money from the actual sale on GMG."
"&gt; It seems more likely that GMG procured the keys from a cheaper region and that original buyer paid GOG for bulk keys at a lower regional price.

GOG doesn't really have regional pricing, though. CDPR in particular are opposed to it and only do so when really necessary; as TW3 is their own game, I find it hard to imagine that there's a cheaper ""Russian"" (or similar) region copy available."
I doubt any publisher would make a deal with them if they were abusing the grey market. Why should GMG even look for such a deal if they could get the keys cheaper with a higher profit?
In the past GMG has got their keys directly from the publisher/developer.  What's making this deal suspect is that one of the Witcher devs is claiming to have no knowledge of such a deal fot The Witcher 3.
"&gt; if the keys were purchased on the super cheap by someone some time ago, CD Projekt Red still don't see any money from the actual sale on GMG.

I'd believe that CDPR isn't getting the amount they would be getting if GMG was functioning as an authorized seller, but the only way for them not getting a dime from these sales is if these were all free codes given away by GOG to another party."
"Um what? You spend the first half of the game sneaking in, getting caught, blowing up and escaping wait for it... Castle Wolfenstein.  
"
"Black market = stolen.

""Grey"" market = not stolen, or illegal, but not necesarilly legitimate, usually not aquired from the publisher. Sometimes they're keys from promotions that people resell, sometimes it's keys from other regions, stuff like that. "
"That's also pretty bad for Apple, because if they end up with with a [generic trademark](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generic_trademark) and they could lose the trademark, and any company could call their tablets iPads."
"Yeah, this is definitely **NOT** true. Eve rewards being a master of a few things instead of jack of all trades. You can train a focused character in a relatively short amount of time."
"I really loved playing through The Old Blood once I got past the beginning. 

The start of the game is much more reliant on sneaking around and taking your time to take down enemies at the right time. It felt very slow and repetitive. Once that was out of the way, the game was a blast.  

The scenery/locations were much more pleasant to look at than The New Order. Colors were more abundant, and the areas looked more lively. The style for some of the areas (especially in the underground areas) were very reminiscent of Return to Castle Wolfenstein but with the newer graphics style which was quite pleasing. 

Only other complaints I could possibly have would be that I wish it had been a bit longer, and had explored the supernatural part a bit more. I would have loved more of the 'monsters' from RTCW to have made an appearance instead of just getting the usual nazi zombies. "
"Saying the keys are from an unknown source is a clear indication that they are tracking key sales.  They know that they haven't sold a bunch of keys to GMG.  GOG/CDPR is stating that they are from an unknown source because GMG has not actually distributed the keys yet, so they're unable to figure out what batch they're from.  
  
If it is true that GMG didn't purchase these keys through a legitimate non-grey method, I have absolutely no problem with the customers being informed of this."
"The keys themselves aren't coming from GoG apparently, at least they weren't given to GMG by GoG. More likely it's what others have been saying and they're coming off the nvidia promotion."
"If the dev isn't selling any games at that price point, then either its grey, or someone is selling at a loss."
"I mean, it really isn't. Saying things like ""Let's be honest, X is true"" is practically inviting conflict. To me you are a string of text on the internet - I have absolutely no context for things you are saying.  You could be implying that it's your opinion, but you could also be a condescending asshole who thinks everything he says is the absolute truth. Some people are bound to assume the latter."
Ebay is different story.  Those keys are from a promotion where people got free Witcher 3 keys for buying Nvidia gfx cards.  Then they resell the keys on Ebay for super cheap.
"Yeah. All this means is that GMG (allegedly) didn't directly buy them through one of the approved avenues.

Hence, grey market. It isn't always bad, but it isn't fully legitimate."
"GOG did offer regional pricing on Witcher 3 when it was first available for preorder. They didn't get rid of regional pricing until March last year. 

http://www.polygon.com/2014/3/17/5516766/gog-kills-regional-pricing-for-upcoming-games"
"Vinny is the source of all greatness, and Vinny needed to be in New York. There's two outcomes here.

1.No Vinny

2.Two offices, located on opposite coasts

I'll take 2."
"&gt; Why should a feature present in two previous games be in dispute on whether or not it will be in its next gen reboot?

Because they said very little about what was going into the game and the internet completely lost their shit. I don't see how that's DICE's fault. "
"&gt; If they dont, CDPR fucked up.

Fucked up how? I highly doubt GOG team would just lose thousands of TW3 keys or don't track where they have distributed such keys. I beat they very precise records on how many keys have went to e.g. Nvidia.

Them saying that they have no idea from where GMG gained GOG keys for TW3 means something is wrong here."
"You know, like the dudes rolling up in the armored cars that you can only kill with explosives but oh wait that means you're a bad player pls go &gt;:("
"CDProjekt owns GOG. CDProjekt RED is their game development studio and GOG is its own thing, but they are both under same umbrella called CDProjekt. So I highly doubt that there is miss information coming from them."
"A few common misconceptions in this thread:

This doesn't mean GMG is stealing keys or buying them off the back of a truck. This just means that they (allegedly) did not buy them through an approved channel.

Possibilities include, but are not limited to:

* A big mix-up as CD Projekt Red's distributors didn't realize that ""Shell Company A"" is actually GMG, and the keys are fully legit (and GMG is just selling keys at a loss for some reason)
* GMG's usual distributor didn't get keys from CD Projekt and had to find keys in an alternate source, and GMG did not vet them
* GMG bought a bunch of the keys nvidia is distributing with graphics cards

That being said: The fact that GMG has such a good sale going on, and nobody else does, is a very bad sign for them. As the saying goes ""If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is"".

-------

As for WHY GMG might do this: Pure speculation, but CD Projekt Red is part of CD Projekt, and so is GoG. And GoG are finally making their push to be a ""real"" digital distribution platform (with Galaxy). GMG have their own competing client (Playfire?) and The Witcher 3 is a VERY big release."
It does actually. Russian version of GOG offers Witcher 3 at 1080 rubles which is about $20. It has all languages and I guess it's DRM-free as it comes from GOG. I'm pretty sure it was even cheaper than this few months ago. I actually don't know what stopping people from using russian proxy with gog and buy it for 20 bucks...
"I absolutely fucking hate the Kuruma and Insurgents in the game, instead of actually playing missions people just sit in their invulnerable easy chairs and shoot everything, and in free roam the only legitimate way to kill them is to bomb the everliving shit out of them until their car explodes and then you're charged between $1000-$12000 for their ""insurance costs"".

How the fuck am I supposed to shoot someone out of a vehicle when the windows are the width of a billiard ball?

Don't even get me started on hackers either, nearly every large lobby has at least 1 or 2 of them sitting on the highest fucking building in the city with blood-red aggressiveness and 3 $9000 bounties on them, but when you actually get up there you find out why. Can't fucking hurt them, and if you land they just taze you for 10 minutes until their buddy beats you to death with a nightstick."
A Facebook contract was leaked that shows explicitly Oculus-only lock-in contracts for games.  Rift exclusives is how Zuck thinks he will win this war and it will be exactly how he will lose this war.
"&gt; It's a tactical combat system that focuses more on information/intel, how you react, preperation etc instead of pressing buttons faster. 

Exactly.  That's what makes it so political, which is what really makes the game special.  And if it was all about pushing buttons faster, the lag in the huge battles would be such an issue that they'd cut those out of the game and things wouldn't be how they are now."
"&gt; The most fucked here is CDPR, they should deactivate those key because GMG is not allowed to sell them but they can't do that because those keys are supposed to be in the hand of the other publisher (Namco)...

Deactivate what keys? GMG isn't distributing any keys yet so GOG has no way of knowing what batch GMG is selling."
"Not really. If they give 1000 keys to group A for promotions, and group A turns around and sells them to reseller X, that's not a problem with GOG. It may indicate, however, that group A is no longer trustworthy. "
"&gt; That being said: The fact that GMG has such a good sale going on, and nobody else does, is a very bad sign for them. 

This is nothing new for GMG. Usually they make it seem like they're selling at the regular price by pushing almost constant 20-25% off codes, which are often redeemable on pre-orders for major games. I was able to pre-order Attila from them for just $33. I knew there was the chance that the codes were shady, but it's hard to turn down a great deal. "
"Well, that is where key resellers thrive in general. People like to save money and are willing to knowingly do semi-shady stuff to save it.

But yeah, GMG does often have fairly good pre-order discounts, which is why that if this is true, I am inclined to give them the benefit of the doubt that it isn't being done with malice and is a mix-up. 

But, if memory serves, they generally  have monthly coupon codes and the like which cover a variety of pre-orders, whereas this seems to JUST be for The Witcher 3. In theory there isn't a huge difference there, but it does imply that this may be more a ""We got witcher keys for cheaper"" than a ""We want to trick you into buying more stuff from us"" deal."
"Well the only things they actually did confirm were (in some ways) a downgrade from the previous battlefronts. For example:

* 40 players max, as opposed to 64 players. (though I can live with this since I usually find a 48 player cap more enjoyable and less of a frag fest).
* 4 confirmed planets, with atleast 2 maps each, while Battlefront II had 17 planets. That's a lot more diversity in environment (after all, how much different will 3 maps on Tatooine look like in terms of atmosphere?). On the other hand you could say you'd rather have 8 great maps than 10 mediocre, and most of SWBFII maps were the latter.
* No driveable AT-AT as opposed to drivable AT-AT. Can't say I'm that sad about this, people used to grief a lot with the driveable AT-ATs, this way it's more of a strategic asset that needs to be protected.
* No faction specific classes. The only thing I am really sad about. They added some very nice strategy.
* No CIS/Republic. As much as the prequel movies sucked, the battles were great. Droidekas were so much fun (see previous point).
* No space battles. But we get starfighers on maps in return.

There's probably some more stuff. Anyway all that they've announced can be explained as a downgraded function compared to the earlier games. But in my opinion I think most choices can be warranted. As long as there's enough content in the base game, I'll buy it."
"Publishers will often sell keys for very little profit margin , or more accurately an unsustainable price in order to fund development and investors profit to certain regions due to rampant piracy or a weak economy in those parts of the world.

It's kind of like getting people in the habit of buying games, extending goodwill, and at least getting SOMETHING from it. 

When retailers try to circumvent this by purchasing these cheaper keys third party (which is likely not part of the original sales agreement CDPR made with these regions), they're then taking all the potential sales Witcher 3 has in more established and well off parts of the world.  

So just hypothetical numbers, the publisher might make $5 off a sale , and then GMG comes along and makes double that by scooping up and undercutting the publisher in other regions where they were expecting to make much more.

I mean, either way you slice it, it's kind of a dick move on GMG if it's true, and as someone who's used them for years thinking they were strictly authorized keys only, kind of feels like a betrayal of trust."
"You still need to grind some cash to **pay** for weapons and ammo. And you still can't start a heist until you're level 12 and own an apartment.

Yeah, those weapons are unlocked now. They're not free."
"This doesn't surprise me in the slightest. As cool and interesting as it was, there was no way Twitter was going to let this slide."
"GMG is regularly known for selling preorders close to or at the lowest prices available.  Generally any time I've actually committed to a preorder, that's where I go and this doesn't seem too wildly different from their normal jumps.  GTA V was $45 preordered.  I figured CD Projekt would be more inclined to drop another $5."
I love using mine to clear up the lobby of assholes. Anytime someone  is just being a plain dick and blowing up cars with their heli or rolling up on noobs and loading into them I help out. I carry the RPG to blow up any kuruma owner who thinks he's invincible because he terrorizes people just starting the game.
"AT-ATs are giant, lumbering, intimidation machines. They would be boring to manually control for movement but I can see them being on rails in an assault mode where if they get to a certain point intact they will drop Snow Trooper NPCs and reinforce the Empire or something. And then a play could get in control of the head to man the guns. "
"GMG has never been much cheaper than the alternatives (excluding Steam/Origin/Uplay), but they have been cheaper, which is not strange. They're about as legit as they can be, this is probably the first time there has ever been an issue."
"Last year of gaming was really weird

All the games that were destined to be hits were shit, and all the obvious bombs were fantastic but few 

I've been going insane with lack of new games, hopefully this year is more fruitful "
"Games don't need it though, as CSGO shows. And with an arcade shooter like Battlefront, I think it's for the better."
No because Nvidia's promotion doesn't give you a GOG key. It just takes you directly to the site and applies it the the account you log into or create. GMG specifically states they'll give you a key to redeem on GOG's site. Two very different things.
as long as the weapons are authentic and true to the saga im completely fine with whatever they pack on them or not
"Why would that be a sign they are legit? I have a feeling you're not objective here and give GMG more leeway just because. If they don't drop the price or whatever, the only conclusion to get is that this issue was not resolved, whatever it was."
"&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; First, the problem with GOG is their inability to track their keys. They should be able to tell immediately where GMG received their keys from and NOT need to make a public deal about it. Involving the public is just to try and vilify a competitor so they make more money.

This is assuming that GOG has any idea what keys GMG has. If they sold GMG zero keys, they have no idea what keys they're currently selling. You seem to be constantly assuming that GMG is required to show GOG what keys they have, but they're absolutely not. All GOG knows is GMG has keys that GOG didn't sell them.

&gt;Second, even if that's true it's not an issue with GMG. That's an issue between GOG and nVidia. It may be an internal issue with nVidia as well. But no where in there should GOG be publicly trying to prevent GMG from legally reselling keys.

Selling these grey market keys hurts the developers because it means they're not receiving the cut they should be. Yes, whoever GMG bought from is going to be in trouble, but that doesn't totally absolve GMG. If you're buying things from sources you know you shouldn't be, that's still shitty."
"The nvidia keys are not GOG keys. You redeem them on an nvidia website and directly add the game to your GOG account, no key involved."
The fun part was always shooting stuff for me. It may as well have been on rails. Plus they could still give you control as to whether or not you're moving forward.
"A similar thing happened with Ubisoft a few weeks back (I'm sure most people remember:  http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/2tlejw/ubisoft_is_banning_cd_keys_bought_off_websites/) but with some shadier retailers.  It turned out ultimately that the banned keys were obtained via stolen or charge-backed credit cards.

There was a flap because people didn't understand how Ubi didn't know right away those keys were stolen and refuse to activate them on UPlay, but I don't think it's that easy.

A lot of people here seem to assume that the retailers get their keys directly from the publisher but I don't see why that would be the case.  At the very least there is likely a wholesaler in the middle handling distribution.  There may well be additional agencies ""in the chain"" between the publisher and retailer.

Imagine this:  CDPR sells buttloads of keys to a variety of wholesalers around the globe, 5% 10, Net 60 (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Net_D).  Those wholesalers sell to distributors Net 30.  The distributors move the keys around to the different retail websites.  Now, it would not be super unusual for one of those distributors to get into financial trouble and maybe fudge the books.  That would last for a while but eventually their chances would run dry and they'd be out of business.  At that point though they may have performed any number of shenanigans to cash out before they closed shop, including paying that 30-day invoice with bad CCs.  It can take months for all of that to filter up the supply chain to the publisher, we're not talking about Wal-Mart after all.

Consequently you get keys out in the wild, having been handled by many different people and potentially activated that were never formally paid for.  Clearly a distributor is on the hook for that, but they're out of business and long gone can't get any money out of them.  The wholesaler is the next agency that's due to foot that bill (they offered the net 30 terms in the first place) but they appeal to the developer:  ""We can't afford to soak the loss on those keys.  We'd go out of business also!""  The developer, who doesn't want to ruin a relationship with an otherwise dependable wholesaler agrees to eat the loss and move on.  What you have are keys that the proceeds for were stolen, and the dev never received any money for them.

I get this is a convoluted situation I just described, but international retail is a complicated system.  That's just one way, off the top of my head, I could imagine things going south.  There are plenty of others.  

So, I guess what I'm saying is it that ""not knowing"" the source of those keys seems eminently reasonable.  It's also reasonable that whomever CDPR sold the keys to originally has done nothing wrong and the devs will still have to eat the loss from those keys (or risk pissing off paying customers).

It seems unlikely we'll ever get enough info to truly know what's going on though.


[EDIT] - All of this is assuming there is a real problem and it's not just a miscommunication / GMG selling regional keys."
"Pop in isn't that much better if at all on the PC videos, it's an issue with all versions it would seem."
"Frankly they were pretty OP. Could snipe from anywhere in the map, had two shot attacks for normal and a alt attack that blew the shit out of anything, could see almost the whole battlefield, and took forever to kill."
We aren't a single entity that shares the same opinions. There is no possible way to make everyone happy.
"That's pretty subjective. In my experience you were basically driving a slow train for how long the AT-AT took to make turns. Fun for the first few times, a chore for the rest."
"Come join us over at /r/eve! Despite what you may have heard, we're a friendly bunch and are glad to help any newbros who are interested in joining. And no, it's never too late to start playing eve.

If you still need convincing, [watch this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdfFnTt2UT0)."
"My favorite part of Battlefield series is playing transport chopper pilot who ferries people.  Its not for everyone but I have a blast trying to get my guys where they need to be.  Please put me in a giant walking machine of death that shakes the earth, poops storm troopers, and spits fire. "
"I would recommend the new order over this one, then this one if you want more.  Not all of the older wolfenstein games are good, and most of them have not aged well."
"Good, I hate the on-going ironsight trend.

Ironsights just slow the pace down and take you out of the game and of course everyone is using them because without them accuracy is non-existent. "
You get punished for dicking around too. Attack another player's car who's been shooting at you for 30 min? Pay $9k insurance.
"Indeed, I didn't look twice at Shadow of Mordor or Wolfenstein initially, but they both turned out to be really enjoyable."
"Ammo is what gets you when you want to have fun. Ammo costs are absurd. Then you have things like Kurumas you have to blow up if you're being harassed by one, there goes another $6k per pop."
"I think in Battlefront 2 the AT-ATs were basically on rails anyway, because there was only one meaningful direction to walk in, they were very slow, and they took forever to turn. It's better to have them on rails so that people can't fuck up or troll by pointing them the wrong way. They were also only available on one map, so if this gets us more AT-ATs, I am all for it."
"Hah, yes it does, a lot.  The SMG and AR are both radically tighter groupings in H5 when ""smart scoped"". Source: played it a ton in the beta, just google it or hop over to ./halo"
"They confirmed it because after they mentioned AT-ATs were on rails, some rumors were going around that AT-STs were not drivable too.  A lot of people can't be patient."
Battlefront is sci fi. It would only make sense that weaponry has permanently evolved beyond iron sights.
"Ironsights can feel really good in some games. I find that in slower paced single player games where there's a lot more sneaking around and stealthy killing, ironsights can add quite a lot to the immersion.

For example, the addition of Iron Sights in Fallout: New Vegas felt really cool in comparison to FO3.

Also in Farcry 3, the ironsights and scopes feel really awesome.

Edit: Not to say it's bad in multiplayer games either. It just has to be done right. Insurgency and Red Orchestra 2 for example."
One can only hope Machine Games takes on Quake. They said they would only make a purely single player game or a purely multiplayer game and Quake would be a perfect candidate.
"Titanfall's main problem on PC in my opinion.

None of the weapons should have been aimable, they should have been hip-fired with the exception of some weapons.

It made no sense, you're moving so fast what's the point? Like the devs never played quake or something."
"&gt;All the games that were destined to be hits were shit

Not all. Nintendo delivered and met if not exceeded expectations with Tropical Freeze, MK8, Smash and Bayonetta 2

"
"GTA Online is something awful. What mediocrity is actually there is made worse by the god awful way everything intertwines.

Character stats are nothing but stupid grindiness, particularly for the lesser used ones like strength. Not to mention the imbalance of some of them. Because having infinite stamina in a bicycle race while others don't is totally balanced, MIRITE?!

Competitive modes other than racing seem dead. That's a shame because some of the TDMs and such seem like they could be really fun with a large game...too bad I could never get more than like 6 people into one game. The payout for playing competitive modes is pretty garbage too, so maybe that's why.

There is no quickmatch option for parties.

WHY IS THERE A BULLET PROOF FUCKING CAR?! Things like this just kill customization and variation, IMO. Why use another car when this car makes some missions ezmode?

The overworld is nothing more than a customization, deathmatch, fuck around lobby. It's irrelevant. There's very little consequence in the game, and it shows you where everyone is on the map. I feel like this was a huge missed opportunity. 

I keep reading ""heist are fun."" Yeah, all 5 of them.

Loading screen. Loading screen. Loading screen. Woops. Failed to connect. Let me automatically load story mode for you cuz that's a good fucking design choice.

You can only get car performance upgrades by getting first place in races. Good luck getting the amount of wins necessary without boosting.

The competitive contact mission Crooked Cop is one of the worst gaming experiences I've ever had.

There could be some fun there, but it's executed so poorly."
That's not the point. It's still more accurate to ads and muscle memory will kick in to ads anyway because so many fps have had ads.
"It's ancient scifi, people still fight with crossbows, rifles and swords they just happen to use laser instead. If they don't use iron sight then they'd have to aim with scopes. The average storm trooper probably owes his poor aiming to shooting from the hip and not aiming his weapon correctly."
"Yeah no, One World One Price went the way of the dodo. The majority of GOG's catalogue has 'some' form of Regional pricing now. Mostly RU prices. "
You also had AT-TE's in the clone wars which were similar and had at least 2 paths to go on Geonosis.
You get criticized in /r/grandtheftauto now for wanting FOV mod. Seems like most of them support the mod ban and R* actions.
"Well, time is somewhat an indicator of legitimacy.

GMG isn't a small-time retailer hiding out of sight. They have discounts like this on many new games coming out, often from some of the major publishers in the industry.

If they were able to afford that by selling grey market keys, presumably one of said major publishers would have come down on them for it by now or there would have been some kind of key-banning from one of them."
"That doesn't make any sense. GMG has no reason to give CDPR some of the keys either.

It's pretty clear GMG wasn't intended to have these keys. It doesn't mean they aren't legit, but they weren't intended to be sold by GMG either.

No idea why you're defaulting to GMG here over CDPR. GMG has plenty of reason to sell gray market keys, while CDPR has no reason to want authorized keys not to sell. Pushing people to Galaxy is a pretty weak argument considering their whole thing is about not locking people in."
"Those pipes are awesome and there's just as much lore in the world via newspaper clippings and such. I'm not disappointed so far. Also, it's only $20. Cutscenes are expensive."
"&gt;$39 is really mind boggling for a $60 triple A new release

Not for PC gaming.  I don't remember the last time I paid more than $40-$45 for a AAA game preorder.  And that's all from legitimate retailers."
"I think you are looking at it wrong. They are saying they did not sell the keys to GMG, so without seeing the keys how would they know where they came from?

I would guess they are investigating, but as of now, saying they are of unknown origin is the truth, until they know for sure that is all they will say."
"Expected, about 1/4 of the players just want to see whats new, reach end level, play some duneons and raids maybe pvp and then wait until the next expansion and then play again for 2-4 months."
"I'm a PC gamer too, I just stick to steam, gog, and gmg and other sites I can really trust. I've never seen gmg have a triple A preorder that low. The lowest I've seen from them **might** be $45"
"I'm glad that they aren't adding them for the weapons that don't actually have them. I like iron sights in games, but I think this sounds fine, and maybe it could make the game more interesting"
"&gt;World of Warcraft subscriber numbers declined to 7.1 million for the quarter, which is to be expected after a major expansion has been released and played through by users.

What was the previous recorded number at? 7.1 is still a whole hell of a ton of people... 

&gt;The MMO’s revenue remained stable due in part to price increases in select regions. This helped offset subscriber declines, particularly in the East.

Is there a particular reason their Asian markets are declining at the moment? 

*Thanks for the answers*"
"Part of me wants to take this approach, but I mostly do want something that will fit in nicely to the Star Wars universe since this game is going to be canon."
"It's a real shame too. I bought into the hype. They were finally going to get content out faster. The reduction in CCs and PvP changes sounded promising on paper. One size mythics meant that they would be easier to balance, again leading to faster content.

But all I can come away from the expansion was a pretty strong leveling experience. Leveling was fun in WoD even if it was a little faceroll. There was a lot of explore, interesting characters to meet, and a strong story (by WoW standards) to keep me interested.

But the game came to a screeching halt at max level. Highmaul was a mediocre raid and the only raid content we had for like 3 or 4 months. Garrisons are nothing more than a glorified Facebook game. Reputations went back to Vanilla level mob grinds instead of the interesting dailies and stories we got with the MoP factions. And PvP is an absolute mess. Ashran is a joke and balance is all over the place. Even as a casual PvP player I couldn't get into it.

Eventually BRF came out and it's a very solid raid but it was too little too late. There is still nothing to do outside of raids and the world feels dead. I used to say it didn't matter, I'd still come back with new content and play it casually but I think this might be the first time I just don't care anymore. Problems that have plagued the game for years haven't been fixed and with MMOs like FFXIV giving me content every 3 months at a cheaper price I just can't find myself going back to WoW. I want to love WoW still, but I've been scorned for the last time."
"With the release of Warlords of Draenor, they reached 10 million subscribers. I don't think anybody is surprised that it dropped off, but 3 million is still a huge drop.

The Asian market is declining because of free to play games like League of Legends."
Good news imo. My favourite FPS's are currently the ones without ironsights. CS as the prime example.
"Well iron sights don't work so well if you're in 3rd person mode. So it makes sense they'd leave it out, just as previous Battlefront games have done. 

Plus, some of the most successful FPS games don't have aiming down the sights, like Counter-Strike and Halo. Personally I think shooting from the hip all the time makes it more of a run-and-gun game rather than sniping every weapon, and while that works for BF and CoD, I think this works better for SWBF."
"Of course the AT-ST was going to be controllable.

People are dumb. The original AT-AT was a bitch to drive around anyway. "
"Well, there was very little the imperials could do about the speeders on the hoth map if you knew how to fly them. They balanced OP with more OP. "
The Republic Gunships were so much better for destroying the Techno Union Ships because you could get there so much faster
why? why does the AT AT have to be balanced? it should be op. just fucking look at it. and it was balanced before. you could easily take them out with a snow speeder.
"At-TE's though are basically tanks. AT-AT's are like land based naval frigates.     
Edit: I guess I'm really confusing people. I'm referring to the lore of Star Wars, not game mechanics. The point I'm making is that I think it's fine if AT-ATs are on rails because they would probably just as boring as steering a massive slow ship in real life if they happened to be real."
"&gt; grind up the cash and levels to use the fun weapons/vehicles

Speaking of fun, I wish they removed Armored Kuruma from the game. Or at least remove the bad sport system, which takes 6000$ from me every time I blow up that car, which adds up to a pretty high amount when you consider that 1 sticky bomb costs 600$, 1 rocket costs 750$ and you kill that guy several times."
"Not at all. With the Looking for Raid system, you can experience the raids at a relatively low item level. And even normal raiding isn't hard to get into. If you play a few hours a week you can easily get geared enough to raid rather quickly. "
"Well, regardless of price, the article says that gog did not sell them any keys, and that's the core issue here."
"http://www.geforce.com/whats-new/articles/batman-arkham-knight-the-witcher-3-wild-hunt-nvidia-geforce-gtx-bundle

GTX 980/970/960/M"
"Even so, it's still a hell of a lot of people for a PC/mac game, and the variation in their subscriber numbers (let alone those still playing) are what most other MMOs can still only dream of."
"I loved the iron sights in STALKER, they really helped get better accuracy but you still had a reasonable chance of missing, although you wouldn't be able to tell friend from for unlike if you're hip firing."
Right there are tons of grey market resellers - that is nothing new. The reason this is a big deal is it has been asserted for years that GMG is 100% legit and is specifically not one of those shady resellers. Them being questioned now raises questions. 
thats pretty much what i do every expansion. also the summer right before expansion time i like to play. its more casual. the zones are still have people running around but its so much less hectic than at launch. i can take my time and just work through all the content that got released post expansion. plus there isn't too much going on game wise in summer.
"The moderator of the cdprojekt forum said that GMG has been caught selling grey market keys twice now, but didn't say which game and just locked the thread. You can find a link to the thread in the update 2 of the news linked to this thread. 

This is the first time I've seen anyone claim that GMG sold grey market keys though, and I'm quite curious if it's true or not."
"I am one of those people. I unsubbed because the only big patch (""selfie"") after expansion release was not enough for me to continue playing. After clearing Highmaul and BRF heroic and doing mythics here and there i was burned out. I think i'll replay wow when the new expansion kicks in. I have always found the first few months of new expansion really enjoyable and many of my friends are doing the same thing.

Garrisons are nice addition to the game, but after reaching top you quickly lose interest. There was not any incentive to keep grinding more because only thing you need from the garrisons after sometime are mythic dungeon caches. These caches drop high level items that can be only obtained by killing bosses on mythic difficulty.

Legendary questline is just a long grind that requires you to slay same bosses over and over again. You may say that if you do not like grind then do not do it, however you really need to do these quests if you want to be competitive at raiding. This also discouraged me to level up an alt and play a second character. I did not want to do same questline again. I hear that next patch is  going to bring a way for alts to do these quests much quicker. So if you are looking to level another character i'd suggest waiting for next patch.

Wow PvP did not really interest me in the past ( i mainly play for pve). In this expansion, i have tried to like it but i did not enjoy it. I found Ashran to be a boring lagfest that did not require any strategy at all. I love Dota and other moba games. Compared to those, wow pvp feels like just mashing buttons mindlessly. Maybe it is not my cup of tea. 



"
"They're awesome in Killing Floor 2. That game places a huge premium on headshots, but has no crosshair (I know there's an option to enable one, but it's clearly for *weak-willed men* and *communists*). It makes ironsights a decision: try to spray it fast, or ironsight for more precision at the cost of speed and FOV?"
I've also had a post removed when I was trying to *de-editorialize* a title.  The mods here need to learn the difference between a biased title and a helpful title.
"I desagree in how the game handled them. You could spawn from AT-TEs like you could the AT-ATs. The Trade Federation Tank(AAT) was more of a standard separatist tank in Battlefront. AT-TE had more armor that most vehicles too, though the AT-ATs were the toughest."
"No matter how you feel on the Threes/2048 issue, the Google Play ToS is very clear about using competitors' terms in your search tags. If you argue Threes should be able to do this then you're arguing in favor of opening the flood gates to all sorts of spamware and cloneware."
"It seems to be pretty much expected at this point. People have played this game for so long they just want to see the new content and wait for the new expansion again.

I find it funny how every time this comes up people go on rants how Blizzard has finally ruined the game and they just can't come to play anymore because it doesn't hold their interest, or they just can't quite figure out why the game doesn't seem as good as it once was. It's like they completely forget the game has been out for over 10 years. No shit you are getting bored, most people have played for 5+ years. No matter how good a game is it can only hold interest for so long. Yeah it was quite a bit different when it was released, but it is still the same basic game, and there really isn't much they can or should do to change that. Time is the biggest enemy to World of Warcraft."
"I'm not so sure - I actually enjoyed having full control over them, just made for a more engaging experience and was just kinda neat in general. Never really found it a chore."
"I feel the same way, levelling was great &amp; highmaul was fun for a while but the content is just coming way too slowly, especially with how long there was between SoO &amp; WoD. 

Honestly if they do end up with a yearly expansion cycle it just wont be worth paying the extra cash for less content than before."
"The expansion started off great.

My friends and I all came back and were raving about how great it was.

Then one by one we all just kinda stopped.

For me it was the garrisons that killed it, I was logging in every day only to do a tour of my garrison, click and collect some stuff and log out, it was essentially a facebook game."
Sooo the solution to that is to make it so you only control the turret? I don't see how that is any more fun.
"Question for PVP'ers: is the new PVP content really that bad, I haven't been able to play the new expansion as much as I'd like but I always seemed to remember people complaining about PVP after every expansion. What's different this time around?

Edit: thanks everyone for your response!"
"People get so upset with LFRs existence, I don't get it. It's not meant for hard core raiders, it's a stepping stone for beginners and a way for non raiders to experience the story and the fights. "
It'd be nice if they stopped putting out info about what the game *doesn't* have and started telling us what it *does* have.
"I'm sorry, but if CD Projekt have a problem with a retailer, they should take it up with the retailer and sort it out directly with them.  Airing this crap in public and posting on online forums about alleged improprieties seems pretty unprofessional and underhanded to me, especially in light of CD Projekt basically being a competitor in the retail space.

Now you can downvote me and go back to the lock-step CD Projekt worship that seems to pervade reddit if you like."
"That's how it worked in Fo3, but not in NV. In NV, the iron sights sway relative to your skill but actually hit the middle of their crosshairs."
"&gt; For me it was the garrisons that killed it, I was logging in every day only to do a tour of my garrison, click and collect some stuff and log out, it was essentially a facebook game.

I agree, this is what made me stop playing. "
"I don't think you understood what he was saying.  The guns would be designed for hip-fire from the first place, meaning they would be accurate without having to aim down sights (therefore making other options viable in the first place)."
"No, this company is stating if you want to ensure you get a legit key that isn't going to screw you over later on through charge backs/etc then buy it from GOG.com where they directly came from the dev. Not hard"
"I'm with ya, and what is with this shit quote ""As such, none of the revenue from Green Man Gaming's current Witcher 3 promotion will go to GOG.com or CD Projekt Red.""

Oh really? No revenue. So GMG just magic'ed up the keys out of thin air? CD Projekt Red sold those keys to someone somewhere and received revenue. Maybe they got resold to GMG but claiming they got no revenue is impossible."
"These are my thoughts too. Leveling was an absolute blast, and WoD has some of the prettiest zones and overall my favorite leveling experience. But as soon as max level came around, there was nothing. I did everything there was in the matter of a few weeks, and didn't see anything to come back to. No dailies, no reason to do professions, nothing to really work for."
"I've been spoiled by the amount of content that XIV pushes out every 3 months.

Every other MMO feels slow, and no other MMO make me feel like I'm getting my moneys worth.

(Edit: Any other MMO that I've played. Wildstar, ESO, Secret Life, WoW, Tera and Aion being the main ones)."
"I bought WoD after not playing since WoTLK, and really enjoyed leveling. The end game was super fucking boring, because I've already ""done"" it before. What kept me around for a 1-2 months longer than it should have was the Garrison system. I really enjoyed the micromanaging aspect of the Garrisons, but ultimately it became boring too.

On a final note, exploring the new ""old"" world, I'm guessing from the Cataclysm expansion, was awesome. It was nice to see a lot of my favorite zones transformed, especially, but not limited to, Stranglethorn Vale."
It's funny I hate games where you can't ADS. Different strokes man. Firing from the hip breaks the immersion for me.
"No, the classes are land, sea and air. So any race you do with a land vehicle will unlock parts for the other land vehicles."
"don't a lot of third person games already do this?  I don't really play them, but from some i've played it seems like they have regular aim and then zoomed aim(which would be similar to iron sights/scope in an FPS)"
"No, the data does not support your point.

Vanilla, TBC and WoTLK had no drops in subscribers in the first 3 months. Cataclysm dropped from 12 to 11.4 million subscribers in 3 months. MoP dropped from 10 million to 9.6 in 3 months, then further dropped to 8.3 in the next 3 months. WoD dropped from 10 to 7.1 in 3 months. 

So cataclysm dropped 4% in the first 3 months. MoP dropped 17% in the first **5** months. WoD dropped **31%** in the first three months."
"Then there was the capital down series of maps which had fighters on land maps. AT-ATs aren't so powerful now that it's being carpetbombed.

Hell, the AAC's rockets were pretty damn effective against them."
"GMG consistently has slightly lower prices on pre-orders, and to my knowledge there has never been an accusation of them having stolen/shady/revoked keys in the past. They are a reputable seller, probably one of the top retailers for legitimate keys (Amazon and GamersGate being the others). "
"This is totally deserved.

They've completely opted out on making content and just shoved it all into the garrison.

For like the first time ever it feels like I have nothing to do in WoW, like I've completed the expansion. I can prob work my way into a mythic raiding guild, but thats hardly enough to keep me logging in outside of raid nights..."
"WoW for me has always been a game that was only about raiding.  It's the only part of the game I really enjoy and there isn't another out there that can match it at that that I have found.  Because of this, every expansion to me has just been log in on raid days and maybe once or twice more on off days for a bit of quick gold farming.  In that regards, this expansion feels no different at all to me so I was curious what there was in previous expansions that held players like yourself's attentions during non-raiding times, because it doesn't appear any different than any other time in my eyes.

On the raiding aspect, this expansion has been great so far imo.  Highmaul was pretty good but was only out for 2 months before BRF hit which has been great, some truly impressive and memorable fights (challenging as fuck too).  Added to that, HFC looks like it will be great as well from what I've seen.  It's a shame so many players are leaving, but I have no complaints at all about this expansion. "
"But, the keys came from CDPR at some point, right? If CDPR sold them to someone else, who then sold them to GMG, CDPR already got their cut. "
"Yeah, a lot of TPS games do have that, where your character looks to be aiming, but you're just zoomed in"
I loved the concept and story behind this game but after playing for a couple of weeks I realized that it was absolutely no fun to play at all. 
"Basicaly everytime Nvidia make a ""free game with this GPU"" deal.

Nvidia didn't pay full price /anything at all for those keys. because they are there for promotion."
"That doesn't quite follow. They could simply be willing to accept slimmer margins. As I understand it, Steam normally takes a 30% cut- that's $18 of a $60 list price- and they have to deal with the overhead of running a massive service and providing reliable download servers.

Most of GMGs titles are simply keys; their download service seems to be limited to fairly niche titles that wouldn't eat much bandwidth. Their operating costs can't be very high, at least in comparison. Most of their deals sit right about 27% off list. 3% margins might be viable for them, and that assumes they're paying the publisher/developer the full 70% of the purchase price like Steam does.

Throw in a few loss leaders or some bulk purchasing discounts and the numbers might start to look a lot better. They may well be dipping into some shadier practices but the evidence so far is awfully speculative."
"What? The ""getting people into the habit"" thing or the ""key sellers sell keys from cheaper regions"" thing?

For the first, that's actually how CDPR's CEO got started. Not sure if he was selling pirated games or imports but Polish people were just not used to the concept of buying games. Their economy was shit (Poland is going pretty strong now for eastern Europe. Like, right at the top strong) and nobody had money for games. So the dude from CDPR was selling games but gave them stuff like maps and a proper manual and stuff like that. People were pirating games and they didn't see any value in buying it (especially for that price. I like paying for games because they're not that expensive from a German perspective but not for the Poles back in those days) so they gave them something for their money.

For the foreign keys, I think every time I've bought a game on a key seller site it had something in Cyrillic written on it."
"There's no new battlegrounds, no new arenas, ashran isn't fun in any way whatsoever, and the gear is too easy to get. Right now the balance is heavily in favor of death knights and hunters, while some classes fall very far behind. Many people were upset because 6.1 continued to buff the classes that were already on top and nerfed classes that were struggling like windwalker monk and warlock. There was a video on /r/wow a few days ago where a popular pvp streamer was killed from full health by three spells from a warrior in an arena in about 1.5 seconds. That's just not the way it should be."
Better they take their time than show something that isn’t representative of what it will actually look like. 
"Not necessarily. The current popular theory is that these may be the nvidia GPU giveaway keys, which were likely sold at a very big discount. Or they are the eastern european keys that tend to be sold at a much cheaper price (because it is better to make much smaller profits for sale than no profits at all). 

So assuming this is just grey market (and not outright black market), CDPR got a cut, but likely a much smaller cut than they would have otherwise. 

And, as always, this thread from /r/gamedeals is a good summary of what grey market keys are

https://np.reddit.com/r/GameDeals/comments/2yhlw4/key_resellers_and_what_they_mean_for_you/

"
"Blizzard releasing content faster HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

They said that about HoTS and we went 6 weeks without a single word about what was even in the works. 

Blizzard needs to seriously step up its content release and communication skills. "
"LFR isn't about the gear, it's about being able to see the content. Some people don't have consistent times to be able to play every week and they want to see the cool raid stuff too"
"It's a preference thing, like you mentioned. 

I would have loved to be able to see SW weapons up close and using whatever aiming system they had. If anything it would have been a closer look at SW tech. 

I Love CSGO, but game with iron sights offer me a bit more immersion and enjoyment to shooting the gun. "
"Great universe and story, but yeah, gameplay is at best so so. Especially at the end game with epic levels of grind and waiting. Still, I found the story and mysteries and complex universe appealing."
"You mean like twitter built their entire business model on the backs of wireless providers' SMS messaging?

Yeah, that seems fair."
"The problem being that that wasn't MachineGames, that was Starbreeze.  And while you and I know that they're basically the same thing, we also know that they're not 100% the same.  And most people don't keep up with developers like the typical /r/games subscriber does and wouldn't be aware of the old Starbreeze folks forming MachineGames."
"Play The Old Blood first. It is a prologue to The New Order so it wont ruin your experience, if anything I'd argue it will probably enhance it since you will go into TNO with a better understanding of the ""Wolfenstein universe"" that Machinegames have made.

Both games are excellent."
"I really hope video games phase out this ""Log in every day"" reward thing. I don't want my video game to be something I **have** to do.

I've been playing this game called Siralim recently, and it does have a 'daily quest' mechanic, and you get better rewards for completing the daily missions without failure in between, but if you **don't** log in every day and do it, it doesn't break your 'streak' that counts towards bonus rewards. You just simply play it if and when it's convenient. If that's every day, neat. If it's not, no problem.

That's how it should be."
"Ditto, for me and all my friends.

Garrisons were boring and killed any desire to level alts.  The fact that the world was so pointless and all you did was queue for dungeons and raids made me not want to bother."
"I wouldn't blame this on the garrisons, they were a decent idea that can be improved in to something great.



What I would say ruined the expansion is the complete lack of content. Outside of the raids (which were great fun to me) you've basically got nothing to do, the reputations are useless and are done through the worst form of grind, pvp is exactly the same as it ever was, the world bosses while interesting once quickly become obsolete, daily quests are yet more grinding with 0 reward in the end and the dungeons are far too easy and offer no worthwhile rewards.


So after the excellent questing, exploration and garrison building its a shame seeing the game's content fizzle out in such a way.
"
"A good read. I do hope the nemesis system will be used for many other games and expanded upon. Its a mechanic that can breed a new type of game. 

One that can still tell a story without needing a mediocre story. Not what saying SoM story is mediocre but one could wonder what a game could be like with just an expanded nemesis system"
"Here's the thing though; while they aren't shown in games, and most of the blasters you see in the movies use scopes, the sheer idea that they are a directed energy weapon means that iron sights or whatever would exist. 

They *should* exist. But whatever. I kinda sort of think that Battlefront is going to feature arcadey  gunplay, which isn't exactly something I am interested in for a conquest shooter. "
"&gt; The reduction in CCs

I wish they'd bring these back for PvE, honestly.  I miss having to carefully pull mobs with polymorph, shackle, sap, etc.  Dungeons are just boring as hell when it's basically aoe, next group, repeat."
"To be perfectly honest, I always assumed the AT-STs would be pilotable. It would have been dumb as fuck if they had those scripted as well. "
"It's not gonna die. It's one of the best ways to maintain retention for free to play games out there. Other than DotA, every Moba or other F2P game has it either in the form of daily wins, Log-in bonuses or Daily Quests of some nature."
"Expected world pvp to make a huge comeback. Thought it would be like Timeless isle, but on a grander scale the way it was hyped. Got Ashran instead, and no new bgs or arenas."
That was showing off the engine not the gameplay. If the gameplay looks anything like that my jaw will drop. That trailer represents the maximum potential of the engine not what the gameplay will look like. 
"No, I get that and that's fine, I just don't like it when you're *penalized* for not doing it every day."
"Little to do outside raids says it.  They did a fine job with a fun world to explore but there's nothing past that exploration, outside going back and doing old content you might've missed in previous expansions.  Now we're coming up upon 6.2 and we're finally getting neo-Timeless Isle with a BC Shadowmoon Valley color pallet.  Like, I've come back for at least a little every major patch since quitting during Cata, but there hasn't been a reason to come back yet.  And the obligation to do my Garrison shit every day makes a pretty good disincentive."
"Honestly, this is what did it for me as well. I was thoroughly enjoying garrisons early on. I decided that I was going to level up a server full of characters this expansion. By the fourth character to hit garrisons that is all that I was doing. My in game time was consumed going back and forth between each character and that left no time for what I deemed to be the 'fun stuff.' I understand that I could have ignored garrisons but so much of the important parts of the game - trade skills and the like - are either supported or based around the garrison concept that it just killed the game for me.

Personally, I think with the way that WoW is headed is that I'll get through the levelling process of the expansions to check out the latest zones, perhaps play a raid or two (I've never really been the raiding type) to keep up my progress and then unsub awaiting the next expansion. That's not necessarily a bad thing as I feel like I genuinely get my money's worth in the time that I actually do play but then when I'm done I can happily return to my backlog and other games that I want to get through. I don't believe that the game will ever completely suck me in again the way that it originally did and I'm not so sure that any game ever will."
But games like WoW are not free to play. Paid games do not need such mechanics yet they put them in there* as though they were F2P. I completely understand free to play incorporating the device but paid games should do away with it.
"&gt; In that regards, this expansion feels no different at all to me so I was curious what there was in previous expansions that held players like yourself's attentions during non-raiding times

Questing used to be a non-linear affair.  You could level multiple alts and have a new experience each time.

Cross-Faction and Faction cities were a thing.  You didn't spend your down time sitting in a mudpit surrounded by npcs.

Professions have been destroyed entirely and the economy related to them dead.  You used to be able to just play the AH, either as a full time job or as a fun way to earn some extra cash.  Grinding for mats is gone.

Dungeons are easier than ever and the difficult gap from heroic to challenge modes (which only provide 1 piece of gear per run) is far too large.

LFR killed the magic inherent in raiding for a lot of people.  Each new difficulty level you go up in the luster is lost a bit.  Oh, this guy again?  I killed him a few dozen times already.

PvP is a fucking joke these days.  Long gone are the days of Wintergrasp where owning the map gave you temporary access to dungeons and so forth.  Not to mention the balance is arguably in the worst place it's ever been.

Cross-server everything killed reputation.  You play with people you'll never ever see again and you have no reason to leave garrisons so you never actually see people on your server.  It used to be that guilds had reputations, even small guilds, and everyone new that one weird guy that always hung out by the fountain in Dalaran fishing coins (hint: that was me).

The fact that everything is really just a way to get your next quick fix, I see very little reason for the community to exist.  You don't need to know anyone if you want to do a quest, kill an elite, take down a world boss, do dungeons, pvp, or even raid.  And if you don't NEED to know anyone, why would you waste your precious gametime trying to force such interactions.

The game, all around, has become so simplistic, so easy, so streamlined, and so casual that there's really no reason at all to just log in for 10 mins a day, send your followers out, and then hop on for your 2-3 days of raiding.

It's not World of Warcraft any longer.  It's Raids of Warcraft.  And that's a sad fucking thing because I used to know every inch of Feralas or Desolace.  It's only been a few months since I stopped playing and I hardly remember the layout of most the new world."
"Hmm. I wonder though. Did that really make people stop playing earlier? Or did it actually prolong gametime since even if people didn't do it for long, they still did it for a while. And it doesn't sound like there was anything else if you only logged in for the ""facebook-part"". Essentially: Wouldn't that mean it worked, if not very well?"
"WoW and other MMOs are different. Frankly, WoW *invented* Daily Quests, but they did it as a way to gate Reputation and other grinds so people didn't burn through content too quickly. It's the reason why the old Nether Drake grind took 2-3 months when otherwise it'd take a very unhealthy week."
"Recently posted in the forums:

&gt;Just a few words of explanation:

&gt;We have worked with GMG in the past for w2 and they were a legit partner.
We control all digital and the codes, and because we decided not to sell Keys to GMG it came as a suprise that they are doing a special promo without buying Keys from us. We have reach out to ask for the source of they Keys but up until now there was no response. They might sell nVidia Keys (which are not to be sold but gifted with the nVidia promo), or they just bough Keys from gog just like a regular customer and now they resell them with a loss (we cannot prevent anyone from selling something).
They also list Bandai Namco as the published which is not true for w3 (namco is our box distributor in PAL), so GMG is not a CDPR partner for W3 but they still might sell Keys that will work. -- Rafal_Jaki

http://forums.cdprojektred.com/threads/35436-Witcher-3-35-off?p=1635264&amp;viewfull=1#post1635264
"
"Honestly, WoD has hurt the game more than any expansion before it.

Garrisons are easily the worst ""feature"" ever added to the game as it finally put the last nail in the community coffin."
"My experience exactly. I had fun going in. Questing was great. 

Then I remembered it was wow. Then I realized I had spent a month only logging in to do garrison stuff. Unsubbed"
[Official response from GMG](http://www.gamespot.com/articles/witcher-3-39-codes-legitimate-despite-dev-accusati/1100-6427149/)
Agreed. I miss CC in PvE but I never liked being CC'd and unable to play for upwards of 30-40 seconds in PvP in MoP. 
"If a person has killed you at all and he's driving near you, you should be allowed to wreck his shit.  Player's should never be punished for defending themselves with explosives when the alternative is just dying over and over again.  It should be on the other player's ass because if he doesn't want to pay his insurance he can just leave you the fuck alone."
Raising a family in the San Francisco area is hilariously expensive and both his and his wife's family are all in New York. 
Makes sense I would think by that time our heads up display will just be linked to our weapon to minimize time between aiming and shooting. Halo does this for the spartans heads up display so I figured Star wars had it in there somewhere or else all those guys with full helmets would never hit anything.
The counter argument is that developing garrisons required development hours that could have been used to make something that was more fun.
"What about FF14 do you like? 

How is the dungeon finder and do you have to committ 3 straight hours of your day to get something from it? I am considering going to it after my WoW sub is over, but if it's something that requires a large commitment I might just stick to WoW."
"&gt;Sulyok explains that GMG chose to essentially go around CD Projekt RED by acquiring digital copies of the game from third parties and retailers that were approved by CD Projekt RED. 

My guess is they abused regional pricing to buy a number of cheap keys from a site like Nuuvem (Brazil), which is one of CD Projekt's approved retailers. "
"It isn't about fairness. It's that they got to benefit from something, but now somebody else gets to benefit from them."
I thought I was pretty clear. It's for people not interested in raiding or just don't have the time to get weekly groups together but they want to see the story. That's it. 
"Has there ever been a game that managed to be the maximum potential of a certain engine seen in a ""in engine"" video. "
"I was one of the first ones to leave too. I also knew this would happen the moment garrisons were announced as the next big thing.  

One of the major issues I personally saw with the game near the end of WotLK, when dungeon finder was introduced, is that the people within the game (a **social** game), got disconnected. The game used to be about asking in trade for a group, or looking within your friends list. You would then fly there together, sometimes have casual conversation, and actually enjoy the dungeon with these people.  

With dungeon finder, you get grouped with strangers who have no reason to want to talk to you, and it turns the game into dungeon speedrunning, where if you're not keeping up with the tank, or die, you're out.  

That's just dungeons, though. But I feel my point remains. Dungeon finder forced people to disconnect. Garrisons pushed that even further. Why spend time in a capital city when you can spend it in your garrison doing menial tasks? There is near-zero other player contact anymore. I felt a thousand miles away from even my guildies.  

Am I alone in feeling that?"
It's more fun because you get to choose where to attack (this should be obvious). They could easily add a walk toggle if people fingers get cramped.
"Yeah, I think it's done just to stop the third person adorers from whining. I've never been a fan of no ironsights, it just feels like i'm being stupidly restricted from doing something. 

The way I see it, if you're third person you can have the larger vision advantage, and in first person you could have the close accuracy advantage. There should be pros to both sides rather than restricting one to suit the other. "
"More linear games could create villains that are more dynamic and personal to the player, this could really improve the feeling of immersion. I'd love to see this happen for tons of games."
"No other expansion had such a significant increase of players either, so if you look at the graph at http://www.mmo-champion.com/content/4878-WoW-Down-to-7-1-Million-Subscribers you see that the drop from before WoD hit is only about 300k. 

This is not a defense of WoD, as I cancelled my own subscription as well. I'm just putting it into context. The drop looks bigger than it actually is."
"I think the point they we trying to make is that ""the ironsights help *you* aim, but the gun is still the same gun"".

Just because you line up a notch and a blade doesn't mean it turns the gun into  laser.

Although repairing the gun, or modifying the barrel on it would help the accuracy."
"GMG haven't actually give out key's yet though.

They're just taking pre orders at a reduced price and promising the keys for release.

That might be worth bearing in mind."
"So the Witcher 3 decided to just not sell to GMG? Because of this GMG went to others to get copies of the games?

That reflects more poorly on CDPR than GMG, imo."
"Oh thank goodness, because I was lying awake at night, paralyzed by fear at the thought of iron sights in a sci-fi shooting game. Thank goodness these developers have all of our deepest concerns in mind.

Now would you put instant action back in?"
"I haven't beaten shadow yet, but I can't shake the feeling that's it's just an elaborate total conversion mod for the Arkham games."
"No, not really. Showing in-engine footage gives us a conceptual idea of what the game will look like. If they had taken in-engine footage and slapped a ""in-game footage"" disclaimer over it then that would be an entirely separate issue. "
"I am amazed. For years, I have become increasingly annoyed with the addition of iron sights in everything. Titanfall advertised itself as a speedy, run'n'gun shooter, and you can imagine my disappointment when I discovered no guns could fire further than 10 meters if that when firing from the hip. I adamantly refuse to use iron sights in most shooters that have them available because I genuinely miss the movement factor FPSs used to have.

The obsession with fake realism has really damaged games as a whole, I feel. You can clearly see the gun is held up to your shoulder in most shooters, there is no reason the gun should be less accurate than a split second after stuffing it up against your eye so hard you lose half your FOV. It's the farthest thing from realistic in those cases. Although it's really the kind of shooter that I least expected iron sights to be removed in, and least benefits from it, it actually makes me hopeful that they're breaking away from that particular modern FPS convention. I certainly least expected it from an EA game."
"&gt; We believe that CDPR’s desire to support their own platform by working with retail outlets that would not conflict with their own is greater than that of meeting the demands of their audience, therefore we made the decision to indirectly secure the product and deliver it to our customers.""

This reads like a bullshit attempt to get the internet mad at CD Projket Red. The digital version of The Witcher 3 is up for sale on Steam, Origin, the Humble Store, Uplay, Gamestop, DLGamer, Nuuvem as well as, I'm sure, a ton of different outlets which I'm not aware of."
"It made me stop playing earlier. I'm an altaholic and the garrison makes it exponentially more annoying to catch up on an alt.

While they did many things right this expansion, they implemented certain timesink features that are absolutely detrimental to anyone who likes to progress more than one character."
"I doubt GMG would go as far as to use stolen credit cards given their previously legitimate history and their reputation.

The usual scheme for profiting from stolen games is to create a marketplace like G2A or Kinguin and then turn a blind eye to the stolen or foreign keys sold.  G2A is fully aware of the stolen keys being sold, they just don't care.  Yet, they have enough plausible deniability that legal action cannot be taken against them.

GMG is based out of London.  If they were selling stolen keys it would be fairly easy to prove and there could be serious legal consequences, as in criminal investigations.

It isn't impossible, but I feel that scenario is unlikely.

Far more likely is that GMG decided to stop being so upstanding and got their hands on a ton of foreign keys.  Also possible is they got the keys through Namco-Bandai.

Still, it is great for you to bring up the stolen keys.  More gamers need to be educated about this happening.  It hurts everyone.  The publisher often loses money in charge backs and the gamer is left at risk of having their key revoked."
"Dungeon finder is great. It's slightly more great for tanks and healers, but for DPS classes it's not going to be a three hour wait. I would say queue time would be maximum 15-20 minutes unless you are playing at a completely dead time. This is because a daily quest requires high level players to queue for a random low level dungeon to get some endgame rewards, meaning at work it would be you and 7 experienced people. At endgame it's as fast for people finishing their weekly quests.

If you want, you can give XIV a shot for free for ~2 weeks [on the SE site here](http://www.ffxiv-freetrial.com/us/). It allows you to go to level 20 on the classes. I think that should be enough time to get a feel of if you like the game or not."
"Stop being so fucking pedantic. No one is being unjustly mislead by the trailer, it was in-engine and specifically stated it wasn't actual gameplay. Anyone who is confused by that is an idiot. And you know what? Maybe this game won't look EXACTLY like that trailer, but it will still look pretty. Know why? Because BF3 and 4 before hand have both lived up to their E3 presentations visually. 

Seriously this whole fucking sub is so anti EA/DICE/Battlefront it's becoming exhausting."
"[Don't worry, the bots will still be around to keep you company :)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHeSHT2ZDnU)"
"Laser tag arena meets VR. I think it will be cool in ~10 years when they have 3-4 generations of VR headsets released and fluid wireless tracking/video transmission plus get over the issue of environmental problems (note the part in the video where the sprinklers spray to simulate rain - that's very bad for HMDs and for hygiene of players). I think eventually though, this would be the greatest thing ever. "
"I play FFXIV. You do not have to commit 3 hours every day to beat the highest tier of raids. The duty finder is a multi-server tool that people use to find groups for basically anything before the maximum level, 50, and the ""normal"" 4 man dungeons at maximum level. For the harder content, people either group with people in their guilds, use the party finder (an advertising board-like tool that is for the player's server only. The player has more tools to say what kind of party they want), or have ""statics"" for the hardest content. Statics are just raid groups that stick together for weekly raids. 

Anecdotally, the raid groups that I know of raid about 1.5-3 hours at a time for 2 or 3 days per week.

Edit: Big patches come out about every 3 months. For raids, they alternate between adding a new highest tier raid and other dungeon content that are more accessible to the general player base. These ""other dungeons"" can be very difficult, but do not require a static to complete. These patches are big. The first expansion is coming out near the end of June."
"It's not a big deal though, I'm glad to see they're not just adding them in for the sake of having them.

Here's how I'm thinking.  In most shooters we're firing say 30 bullets at full-auto.  They zip through the air so fast we don't really have a reference for where they're going.  If we're hip-firing we're really trying to saturate the area inside our crosshairs with bullets and hoping enough land on the enemy to kill them.  If we want precision, the iron sights (in a hitscan game like CoD anyway) let us see exactly where our shots are going, and give us a kind of feedback.

In Star Wars though, at least in the movies, most of the guns shoot single shots.  And they're big red slow bolts, not bullets.  We can follow them out of the barrel and all the way to the target, we don't need any help figuring out where they're flying off to.  Most previous Star Wars games (looking at you BF1 and 2!) they just gave you assault rifles with magazines and reloads and we just accepted it, because hey it's a tried-and-true formula, an acceptable break.  It didn't matter that it wasn't like the movies, it's a game, and this is how game guns shoot.  No problem.

It seems that DICEA are breaking the formula to stick closer to the films.  Now guns have like an overheat bar (don't know what they're actually called, but like the pistols did in previous BF games, for example) instead of magazines and reloads, so you aren't firing 30 rounds without stopping, you're firing a measured single shot, then another, and another, maybe only blowing your whole salvo if an enemy appears without warning at close range.  To balance the lower rate of fire, guns will probably do a lot of damage, probably 2-4 shot kills, which is again pretty like the films.  If I'm right, and this is their general approach here, I'll be pretty pleased."
"Steam and Origin are orders of magnitude larger than GMG, CDPR could hardly ignore them without attracting a lot of attention."
"Oh, I'm sure GMG is scraping by...they don't really have the best selection of general category games.  They get the best, newest games and discount them to nearly zero-profit, and hope you stick around for their rewards program or other less-discounted games.

Personally, I have no issue with that.  As long as the dev gets a cut of some kind.  CDPR would of course want you to buy from them or someone else more directly in line with their distribution, but GMG doesn't seem to be really doing wrong here."
"&gt; I really don't see something like what shown in that video existing outside of some laser tag or arcade place.

That's the *point* - they're making The Void the VR equivelent of a laser tag place like Qzar or Chucky Cheese or Main Event. It will be a physical destination you go to with specially designed rooms and VR games that they've hand-crafted for their specific setup. "
"Why do they put Destiny in the same sentence with Hearthstone? I'm willing to bet Hearthstone made a lot more money than Destiny, any data on that?"
"Now is actually a really good time to get into it. I doubt you'll be able to catch up and get into the end game content right now, but with the expansion coming up you'll easily be able to get to max level and finish the story quest which will put you on equal footing w/ everyone come expansion."
"I dunno, that feeling of logging into an empty frozen wasteland just set the tone of every day I played. There's something to be said for just being in a hub full of other players that helps keep me invested in these games regardless of the content."
"At this point, I feel like WoW is doomed to dwindle.  The game is more than ten years old.  Think about that.  The phone in your pocket today has better stats than some of the computers that people played WoW on at launch.

The issue is that there really isn't an untapped market to find anymore.  There really isn't anyone left who isn't playing WoW because they haven't heard about it.  There will be a few people who wander in each month, curious about it after hearing about it for all these years, but it's going to be a trickle who actually stay with it.  Every time a new expansion comes out, people will wander back to see the new content, but those only come every so often.

In the meantime, people are going to get bored and wander off.  They've had 11 years to get their fill of WoW, and the inescapable fact is that, at this point, a lot of people have.  ""Our game has run so long that everyone who would enjoy playing it has,"" is definitely a problem that you want to have, but I don't see WoW seeing a surge in subscribers at this point in its run."
"That goes without saying. But things like garrisons are akin to Farmville. Games like WoW do not need to incorporate those types of mechanics into them. I do not have an issue per se with daily quests when they're done to level reputations, etc. like in the past. But garrisons force players to return every X hour (sometimes even every half hour) to click a button and to start one again. The way that they have them timed forces the game to become similar to a full time job and even worse if you level up alts. Unfortunately, unless you want to handicap your player against others on your server - if you're a serious player - there is no real way to avoid them because they influence important components of the game (i.e. trade skills) so it's not a case of ""well just don't do garrisons."""
"Basically CD Projekt wouldn't let them get their keys because it competes with GOG, so GMG bought the keys from official retailers and are now redistributing it (likely at a loss) CD Projekt still get's their revenue (from GMG originally purchasing them.)"
"I think the thing here is that it spread the playerbase out and away from interacting with itself. Friendship is Magic, it keeps people playing a game far longer then they would have normally. Socialization, interacting with other players, raiding/grouping all of these things are what make an MMO function.

By moving players away from all of that you take away from the social the MMO part of the RPG. Instead of Garrisons for resources put in Wintergrasp, instead of Garrisons for crafting patterns have them drop in instances, factions with unlimited grindable rep like Frost giants. 

Theres so much that can be done to promote a healthier game but they closeted people off instead."
"Yeah Garrisons would've been great as a little side thing, not as THE ONLY THING TO DO at max level. "
"I think those of us in the Warcraft community have been dealing with content stagnation far, far longer than the HotS community (which I am also in). I don't think you can name a Blizzard game in the last ten years that didn't suffer from this in one time or another."
I pre-ordered Borderlands 2 and the season pass for about $45 total.  That's just over *half* the MSRP.  Nowhere else could I get the two for under $70.
"MMO-Champion have a nice graph to put it into perspective

http://www.mmo-champion.com/content/4878-WoW-Down-to-7-1-Million-Subscribers?page=22#comments

WoD lost in 3 months what MoP took 2 years to lose. "
"Wait, so there's no more crowd control? Groups don't have to plan encounters out anymore? I haven't played since wrath, but I can't even begin to imagine the game without cc."
"Thank you Mr ~~Krabs~~ xarabas.  

You know if you really read between the lines, the dev statement that ""none of the money coming from sales is going to CD Projekt Red"" and ""unknown source"" simply means that GMG bought the keys from another retailer and is then selling them.  The original retailer obviously bought the keys from an official channel, and CD Project Red got paid then.  CDPR doesn't need to get paid twice.  

&gt; In a statement to GameSpot, Green Man Gaming CEO Paul Sulyok explained that it tried to work with CD Projekt Red, but the developer chose to focus on its own platform, GOG.com, rather than give players more options for where they can buy the game.

This now more looks like a case of GOG being dicks about not letting other retailers sell the game, and not bad-guy GMG selling ""gray market"" keys.  

&gt; ""Following a six-month dialogue with [CD Projekt RED] about the launch of The Witcher 3, we were disappointed that despite the offer of significant cash advances, and other opportunities to officially work together, (we even offered to fly to Poland to discuss in detail how we could and wanted to support this launch), CDPR chose not to engage with a number of significant, reputable, and successful retailers, including ourselves, as they instead focused on supporting their own platform GOG. "" Sulyok said.

It's worth reading the article (or at least the other half I didn't already link), but it seems like GMG has been trying for months to work with CDPR regarding selling The Witcher 3.  

**edit:** I sent an e-mail to CDPR linking this GameSpot article asking them if they would be willing to clarify what is going on.  I purchased my copy of Witcher 3 from GOG a long time ago, and I am a strong supporter of both GOG and GMG.  These are like my two good friends fighting, and if what CDPR is doing is true, they need to lay off this shit.  They don't need this controversy right before launching what will undoubtedly be their biggest title ever.  I'm not encouraging we all go spam their inbox with death threats, but if it's true I think they know what they're doing is wrong and a simple ""what gives?"" might get them to realize that.  

If I hear anything back I'll update this.  

Edit2: received a non-answer that they are discussing the matter internally and won't be able to comment.  "
"No not really. Ironsights aren't at all realistic in most FPS games.

1 You'll be less accurate, but can still move faster than a crawl while aiming.

2 &amp; 3 Not really, human vision doesn't zoom in when using a gun and you should have both eyes open while shooting.

Most games have using the ironsights turn your gun into a laser too. Shooting in the head at 50 meters while aiming with a pistol would be very difficult, while shooting someone 10 feet away while point shooting with a rifle would be easy, yet in games the opposite is true.

Games like Arma and Receiver are much better examples of aiming down sights, but the AAA game industry generally uses ironsights for cinematic purposes rather than realism."
"Well, [Rafal Jaki](http://forums.cdprojektred.com/threads/35436-Witcher-3-35-off?p=1635264&amp;viewfull=1#post1635264) said: 

""We have worked with GMG in the past for w2 and they were a legit partner. We control all digital and the codes, and because we decided not to sell Keys to GMG..."" and then goes on to speculate on where the keys were from.

While it would need to be elaborated upon, it did sound like a conscious decision not to sell to GMG."
"Except that GMG hasn't actually given out any keys. When you pre-order from them you're just guaranteed a key on release day. So GOG has no way of checking the validity of the keys or where they came from. They just know that they didn't have any sort of deal with GMG so they didn't come directly from them. 

I think it's a fair warning to consumers. If keys bought from GMG end up not working people are going to undoubtedly lash out at GOG, even if GMG is ultimately responsible (it just ends up happening, despite the logic). Therefore GOG is taking a step back and letting everyone know that these keys were not obtained through any sort of official partnership and therefore they're not taking any responsibility for their validity. "
"GMG's reply is here: http://www.shacknews.com/article/89464/the-witcher-3-studio-alleges-green-man-gaming-pre-order-keys-are-unauthorized-update

&gt; Green Man Gaming (GMG) has an official contract with, and has been an approved retailer of CD Projekt S.A. (CDPR) products since 11th August 2011. Following a 6 month dialogue with CDPR about the launch of The Witcher 3, we were disappointed that despite the offer of significant cash advances, and other opportunities to officially work together, (we even offered to fly to Poland to discuss in detail how we could and wanted to support this launch), CDPR chose not to engage with a number of significant, reputable, and successful retailers, including ourselves, as they instead focused on supporting their own platform GOG.

&gt; We at GMG sincerely believe in getting games to gamers, and offering them a range of buying options to suit their preferences is critically important to this industry; we often go above corporate profits and commercial gain to make this happen. We, like millions of customers, are huge fans of The Witcher series, and have been eager for the launch of this amazing title. We believe that CDPR’s desire to support their own platform by working with retail outlets that would not conflict with their own is greater than that of meeting the demands of their audience, therefore we made the decision to indirectly secure the product and deliver it to our customers. To do this, we reached out to third parties and retailers that were approved by CDPR, to legitimately pass these keys onto our customers. This means that at some point, revenue has been passed directly onto CDPR, and any additional discount on the title is absorbed by us, as we want as many people enjoying The Witcher 3 as possible.

&gt; We would heartily welcome a renewed dialogue with CDPR, and are keen to continue to not only support the launch of The Witcher 3, but to keep celebrating and bringing the whole catalogue of CDPR titles to a worldwide audience, as we have done since 2011.
"
"It was posted by a user on CDPR's forums.

The dev's replied that they'd never heard of it cos they haven't sold keys to them.

It's not airing dirty laundry.

It's warning your user base that there may be a problem and they've asked GMG about it but have yet to receive a reply.

If they can verify the keys are good to go all is fine. If they keys are not good to go... don't go crying to cdpr when they don't work.

"
"This could have been true if it weren't for the fact that you can get the game in other stores, including Steam and Origin. "
"&gt; So they likely only wanted it on GoG so they could get every cent of their asking price

The Witcher is [pretty much on every digital store,](http://i.imgur.com/ZMTBKuo.png) including Humble Store (which is not listed here for some reason).   So it's certainly not that they're demanding to squeeze every penny from consumers.  If GMG couldn't strike a deal with GOG, it's probably because GOG didn't want to deal with them for whatever reason.  "
Wait a minute? People are actually crying about not having gamespeed crippling ironsights in Battlefront? Fooken hell!
"This really, really nails why I just can't enjoy the game anymore. Along with the fact I have lost touch with most of my old game friends, I just don't see the appeal anymore. 

I know some people enjoy the more stream-lined and casual experience, but this game just isn't satisfying anymore. Which would be totally fine if I didn't find my time with it to be some of the most satisfying time I've ever spent. 

I WANT THE FEELING OF WONDER I HAD BACK IN 2004! 

Damn nostalgia....."
"&gt;we decided not to sell keys to GMG

So they refused to officially sell keys to GMG and it sounds like GMG found a third party distributor. Now GOG is bitching that GMG found another source. Hard to feel sorry for GOG."
"What this game needs is a combat overhaul, so i can recommend at to more friends of mine. ;_; I like the game, but i have no incentive to play an MP game alone."
"Mobas also should be updated more frequently then MMOs though, they are nothing but PVP and meta shits. Not to mention HoTS is playing catch up with games like league and dota 2. League has well over 100 characters already."
"I kept running dungeons over and over again as a mage and everything just died and we ran through the place pull after pull. Didn't learn my way around the dungeons, or the environment, or the enemies. Just followed the tank around and tried to keep up. I miss the crazy pulls from BC. "
Yeah I can't believe people haven't figured that out. And how can they know they atlre not making money if they don't know where the keys are coming from?  
"That's a pretty important point to keep in mind. If they are selling a product they don't have, or if there's more to this we don't know and it leads to legal action, consumers may end up having to deal with refunding."
"&gt;so I turn around and buy them off the back of the truck, you think Sony is in the wrong in that situation?

Yes, because what you've just described is ""trading in stolen merchandize"" and that's felony at scale. 

Trading in ""grey market goods"" like what GMG is doing is not illegal... But it can seriously hurt their support and standing with other companies, and *could* hurt those buying the games as it's from an unauthorized reseller.

See: UbiSoft pulling Assassins Creed and Far Cry keys from steam users earlier this year when they bought from G2A, another unauthorized reseller.

**edit:** just to make this clear, CDPR is saying they did not designate GMG as an authorized reseller and that GMG is selling under these conditions knowingly. This means CDPR is under no obligation to support GMG and, if the party that provided GMG with codes acted in bad faith, CDPR may be under no obligation to support these keys and their buyers at all.

**If you did not buy from an authorized reseller then you did not buy from CDPR and may have no protection on your purchase.**

"
"That sounds ridiculous. I figured the game would get dumbed down as time went on, but not *that* much."
"To be fair, there's a good reason to stand up for or dislike CD Projekt depending on their stance. They're playing with the bigboys now, in the big leagues of game publishing. They're going to get some hits PR-wise even if they make the best  moves."
"You know what's very interesting that i just noticed from reading comments here and the chart on mmo-champion? Sure, Wrath of the Lich King was my favorite and a lot of people's favorite expansion and was super solid, but it was also the last ""direct"" link to Warcraft 3. Think about it.

Vanilla WoW was to a lot of people ""oh wow I can play in Warcraft."" Burning Crusade was the first expansion, expanded on and introduced a lot of fantastical new areas via the expansion, but still this is a world we have been invested in since Beyond the Dark Portal and you wanted to experience it, wanted to know what happened. Wrath of the Lich King was the final resolution of the Lich King story, which has always played a huge part in the overall Warcraft 3 story and then the Frozen Throne.

We got to experience all the tie ups and resolutions of the stories that many of us were invested in since we were children. Then Cataclysm - it changed the world we had been invested in, made quality of life better sure but it changed what we got used to. Deathwing went from being a paragraph's worth of development in Beyond the Dark Portal to the big bad but he didn't carry the weight of the previous games with him. Mists of Pandaria, lore wise, no matter how well it actually played out story wise, was disappointing. Now, WoD is not a retcon but it kind of is but it kind of isn't why are you asking me says Metzen go fuck yourself and enjoy the story.

What I'm saying is, I realize now that for myself and for I would gamble lot of others, the true in depth investment from the lore and from the game series itself ended with Wrath of the Lich King. I can never stay subbed for more than 2 months consecutively ever since WoTLK. The Warcraft Story as a whole came to a resolution and a head in WotLK, and I think for storytelling purposes will not reach the same quality until Warcraft 4 comes out because it can then be carefully crafted as ultimately a single player experience when speaking about the lore."
"They aren't lasers in Star Wars. All the weapons in Star Wars including lightsabers are plasma based weapons. So, technically yes it would be affected by gravity, but not to as much of an extent as a regular bullet."
"&gt;Bach said that Battlefront was designed to be its own game, and **it's not built on the mechanics of DICE's Battlefield series.** Rather, he said, DICE started with the question, ""What does someone want when they play a Star Wars game?"" He said that means going ""back to the core"" of the franchise and ""seeing where it leads us.""

&gt;**""The goal has never been to replicate or mimic another shooter,""** he said.

This can be found [here](http://www.polygon.com/2015/4/17/8444145/star-wars-battlefront-preview-release-date)

Is it so hard to wait for gameplay and see what the developer actually envisioned before throwing the whole idea away?

Edit: I bold texted some parts of the link for emphasis

Edit 2: I think it's also important to note that the lack of ADS sets it apart from the Battlefield series. 

While Bach does claim (in the OP link) that there are some concepts that have carried over from their past video games, this does not inherently mean that it's just going to be BF4 with a Star Wars skin.

I entreat everyone to just have a little patience with this game. Wait till we *see* anything before we pull out our pitchforks. "
I believe they're distributing them at a loss as a way to get back at CDPR for practices that may hurt GMG
"&gt; the gear is too easy to get.

This shouldn't be an issue for player vs player content in 2015. As in, ideally, people are competition ready asap to enjoy pvp."
"As I posted in the other thread.

Steam is selling the pre-order for 43,99 euros (finland). Remove Valve's 30% cut and you are left with 30,79 €. 

GMG is selling it for 38,99 €. If it's true that GMG is selling them at cost and the middleman is getting them at same price as Valve, then that leaves 8 € per key minus tax for the middleman. Quite a decent margin for virtually effortless bulk transaction.

I don't know what really happened but I am just saying that there's plenty of money there to get the keys without need to abuse anything."
"&gt;Basically CDPR wants to push their own GOG platform, so they wanted to minimize the amount of online retailers selling their keys. 

They didn't actually minimize anything, though. All of the major online platforms carry it. Even the Humble Store has it available for 53,99€, only 3,20€ more than GOG.com. "
In that case wouldn't CDP be opening themselves up for a lawsuit since they're telling people the keys aren't legitimate?
"And Pac-Man CE DX is pretty damn amazing from the little I played. I think I'll install it again.....

I also believe he is in that weird new game movie with Adam Sandler. 

He not really a character that much can be done with. I don't really care about the world of Pac-Man. I love the classic games (and the new CE edition), but I don't really need it fleshed out at all. "
"Yep, exactly.  Unless CDPR is sending large bulks of W3 CD keys to someone for free (they aren't), then they are being paid for these ""illegitimate"" keys during the initial sale to whomever resold them to GMG."
"As someone pointed out to me, the Nvidia promotion is not a key, but an automatic addition to your GOG account."
"You're thinking of G2A, everyone here is talking about GMG (which is an authorized dealer of games both digital and physical) - infact CD Projekt used GMG for their Witcher 2 release."
"That's just for regular dungeons though.  Challenge mode dungeons are tougher than any they've ever put in, and require a lot of preplanning.  There's also a timed scoreboard involved with them to compete against others on your server which adds a lot of fun competition to them.  Raids are much more challenging too, so you could say that the easy bits got easier and the harder bits got harder.

"
But in an MMO players ARE content. By encouraging players to log in on a regular (daily basis) you also increase the attachment to the game. It also ensures that there are always others about. Nothing makes people quit the game as quickly and an empty /g chat.
"Honestly, GoG plays the victim card, a lot. The whole business image is practically constructed around it with a dash of ""holier than thou"" on top. It's why I've never been able to be particularly proud of what they're doing, because they have never really behaved in a manner that befit what they were trying to push. The shutdown was one thing, then [the commercials](http://www.gog.com/news/special_feature_gogcom_commercials) , now this. GoG are just as self interested as any of the players they're constantly looking to take shots at. "
"&gt;""I would kindly ask our fans no to buy via GMG at this time. We had not sold them Keys and don't know the origin of them,"" he said.

Did they say something other than this?  There's nothing really wrong with that, as long as it was true when he said it

Edit -

http://actonline.org/2014/10/first-sale-doctrine-and-why-digital-goods-are-different/

https://library.osu.edu/blogs/copyright/2013/04/23/the-first-sale-doctrine-and-the-sale-of-digital-goods-in-light-of-kirtsaeng-and-redigi-inc/

So you got me curious about the legalities of all this, and it seems not-altogether-impossible that GMG are actually the ones opening themselves to liability in this whole silly fiasco.  Digital distribution doesn't work like durable goods do, and first sale does NOT apply to digital goods like digital copies of video games.  Without actual permission (distribution rights licensing for a copyrighted good) from the developers, GMG might be infringing their copyright here.  And a pretty standard remedy for this sort of thing is disgorgement of profits from the unlicensed sales.  So, depending on what's going on contractually in the background with the game distribution, this might be a very reckless decision.

edit 2 - all that shit up there is pretty specific to US Copyright law, and although the Berne Convention is pretty good and comprehensive, international copyright litigation is very from from my area of expertise.  I don't know anything about either Poland or the UK's copyright regimes, but I found [this for Poland, and it appears they treat digital goods about the same as we do](http://ifosslawbook.org/poland/).  I suspect the UK is the same but I'm lazy"
"&gt; dev statement that ""none of the money coming from sales is going to CD Projekt Red"" 

Its statements like this that piss me off the most, because its misleading and disengenious. They already got the money for those keys because they were sold wholesale"
That fallacious statement is what put it over the edge from simply being a statement out of context to malicious intent for me. 
"Could be a lot of things. That's the problem.

Someone could easily have promised GMG a bulk deal on key's they can't provide.

If the key's don't work or should never have been resold (common on bulk OEM deals) things will turn to shit real fast.

Either way it spells trouble for everyone involved.

Looking through most of the comments here the ridiculous thing is people seemingly insisting the keys which are unknown to CDPR they preordered but don't have must be legit and if they don't work it's all CDPR's fault...

"
"Correct, I recently bought a GTX 980 and the instructions gave me no other options other than redeeming the key at GOG."
"From CDPR employee:

&gt; We control all digital and the codes, and because we decided not to sell Keys to GMG it came as a suprise that they are doing a special promo without buying Keys from us. 

http://forums.cdprojektred.com/threads/35436-Witcher-3-35-off?p=1635264&amp;viewfull=1

So basically for some reason, CDPR decided not to sell Witcher 3 keys through GMG. My bet is that they wanted some kind of clause that would allow them to set the minimum sale price for deals, to prevent other retailers from selling cheaper than GOG, and GMG refused to sign that clause."
"&gt; The moderator of the cdprojekt forum said that GMG has been caught selling grey market keys twice now, but didn't say which game and just locked the thread.

Sounds legit..."
I have bought a lot of games from Green Man Gaming and have never had issues. If this is true about CD not working with them because they want to push their own GOG Galaxy platform it goes against everything GOG is about. Galaxy is supposed to be based on openness and cutting out a reputable retailer is not open.
"Love how they will take pot shots at other companies for DRM and their practices all day, but have no qualms about strong arming their competition for their own self interest. "
honestly world pvp is super active because the server change thing and ground mounts. the balance is just shitty and unfun so pvp in general feels like crap :/
"In essence the green man gaming CEO says: ""CDPR didn't want to work with us, but we wanted a piece of the pie anyway, so we got the keys through a third party."" 

We could argue about who's right, but at the end of the day Nuuvem has the best prices on legit keys, so save yourself the headache and come on over to Brazil (virtually)."
just because they don't know doesn't mean they are not legit. They got them from a distributor that CD sold them to who then sold them to GMG. This happens all the time in many different fields of retail.
"As someone who played Battlfield games in the past, I can assure you that players would find a way to make the AT-AT worthless.

I saw jets and helicopters used in Battlefield to get into camp spots. Unknowing teammates would pile into a little bird, only for the pilot to fly to the corner of the map, bail, and kill the other 3 people inside it to go on a 2/0 kill streak for the rest of the game.

The large transport in BF 3 that you could spawn in on Noshair Canals on conquest...a guy would use it to get to shore while driving towards a T-90, then get it stuck in some broken part of the map. Congrats, your whole team just died, and everyone respawned on the carrier. Russians now control all capture points.

""Hm, might take a while to get to my sniper spot. I know, I'll take the only tank that spawns from our side and get it stuck trying to glitch out of the map. I'm sure not having a tank won't make a difference.""

My guess is the AT-AT will function like it did in the past, and similarly to the Gunship from BF 3 and 4; you can treat it as a mobile spawn, and it has some serious firepower, but it's set to a limited path and/or availability. I'd rather developers limit the way people can make tactical advantage useless out of selfishness/incompetence."
"Despite it's name, the Humble Store has become a pretty significant player in digital game distribution."
[Crysis was pretty damn close. The trailer is very representative of the actual in-game graphics and gameplay.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvfVmlVcnJI)
engines can a lot of times be pushed to look like CGI movies but they have to be pre rendered because real time rendering is almost impossible at that levels of detail right now
"Chill man, I understand your pain. While I haven't been pro-EA, I do give them a fair shake. Same with Activision and Ubisoft. I wait for the game to prove themselves wrong, ya know what Im saying? I also find it exhausting to hype myself up for a game, but thats probably just me and being tired of bullshots. Plus the EA/DICE bullshit are nothing more than pathetic attempts at a starting The Circlejerk( I feel like we can call it The Circlejerk, because its inevitable on r/games and they'll pretty much know what you're talking about). Not even worth the time or effort to even get involved."
"""back to the core"" is just marketing speak. Look at that abortion that is Rainbow Six Siege. 

EDIT: I played the Alpha. It's shit. "
"DICE did something similar in the first Bad Company with PDW weapons, you could only zoom in a little instead of ADS"
Yes except in this case GMG is not an authorized reseller of W3 so he still right in his statement that cdpr doesn't have to support those keys.
"Wait.. Everyone was getting all crazy about the game not being true to the franchise, and now they're getting upset that they're not adding in iron sights, which have never been in the games? 

Am I missing out on something? Who wants iron sights in this game? It wouldn't feel right. "
"No one is obligated to sell their games through someone elses store.  It's nice when they do, but no one has to do it or even necessarily should.

Aside from that fact, The Witcher 3 is for sale through multiple retailers and online distribution sites that are not GOG.  This reflects more poorly on GMG than anyone.  CDPR should not be forced to support all retailers just because that would be the nice thing to do."
"It really sounds like CDPR is making a fuss because they wanted to push their platform ONLY.

And now they're trying to deface GMG by pretty much saying their keys aren't legit and that ""fans should buy from GOG"" instead when they already got money from GMG purchasing keys from their approved retailers.

Its really kind of a weird thing to come out and say that when its fairly obvious what implications and consequences that can bring especially when its now CDPR that looks like the bad guys now."
"Thats not even the most interesting part.

After this coup happened, one of his most loyal followers, who is a member of the council that voted him off, convinced a majority of the council that what they did was a mistake. They had another vote, which effectively reinstated the old CEO. He then had his revenge lined up. The main conspirators were kicked while they slept.

This Shit is game of thrones level drama."
"You don't like having a glorified wooden hut as your 'mighty fortress'?

^(Not to mention the fact that the Horde garrison is in one of the worst defensible positions ever.)"
"I thinks GOG didn't want to deal with GMG because of the heavy discounts they are known for. Take a look at the prices on both stores. On GOG, owning the previous games nets you a 27% discount (43.79€ for me). GMG decided to go beyond that and offers 35% off, which comes to 38.99€. Not a huge difference but it's still 4.8€ every copy and you don't have to own the previous games to enjoy the big discount.

Any gamer that watches the market goes for the cheapest ""official""/reputable store, and that's GMG (you can try and get cheaper from nuuvem, but it's a bigger hassle with vpn/hola).

They saw a part of their sales being taken by GMG and lashed out. Personally, I bought games previously from all the stores (GOG, steam, GMG, nuuvem) and had zero problems.

I can see both sides, but right now it just seems that GOG is getting ""greedier"" than before. This is their big game, the one that is supposed to solidify their store as AAA seller, even rolling out the new galaxy client. And they are getting out-priced at their own game/store.

But yes please, if you hear anything back do post it."
"Yeah, I was thinking about Garrisons and realized that for my measly two 100's it takes me about 20 minutes to do everything that I need to do for the day. I can only imagine wasting over an hour doing just Garrisons every day for the people who have 10 or so 100's. I would feel so burnt out. It was bad enough doing that damn farm on three characters a day for a year."
"I got bored because there is nothing to do with your friends any more. 

Dungeons haven't been relevant in a very long time. "
"Personally, I find it strange that it is framed as GOG doesn't want to work with GMG when GOG is working with pretty much every other big retailer out there. It makes me think there is a *lot* more to this negotiation between GMG and GOG than we know (as is the case in many negotiations)."
"It's really an argument that only comes from people who have played for a very long time(me included). 

I'll agree that current content(from what I've seen) looks very challenging although many raids up until this point deserved to be called challenging because at that time they were, we simply weren't as informed/assisted by addons/skilled.

The real problem just lies in the fun. Where did it go? /u/Sabin2k is spot-on in saying that nostalgia is killing the game for many of us, we long for those epic moments where your guild name gave you fame, where some players were well known for whatever feats we read about on the server forums and where we felt connected to the people around us. 

How many people play this game in an absolute single-player style relying purely on pugs? The vast majority. And the bigger problem? They don't mind this at all. They simply clash with the people who enjoyed these kind of things when they still existed.

While for me the problem with WoW lies in many things the real issue would have been the game simply isn't fun to play anymore. The raids are incredibly repetitive(impressively enough more so than in previous expansions), no one can distinguish themselves by ""being better"" than other players and there's no social experience.

Whether you argue against me or not matters not, this is my opinion and with it I will not ever be logging in on WoW anymore due to the continuous loss of vital elements that made it worth playing.

"
"&gt;If this is true about CD not working with them because they want to push their own GOG Galaxy platform.

I don't think this has anything to do with what's going on here. 

The reason why is, if CDPR really only wanted to push Galaxy you wouldn't be seeing The Witcher 3 being sold on all the big competing platforms. 

No buying from Steam, Origin, Uplay etc. etc., in fact all the big stores like those are giving out some pretty big bonuses for trying to get you to buy from them and not CDPR.

The CEO from GMG is being disingenous by saying that CDPR is ""choosing not to engage with a number of significant, reputable, and successful retailers, including ourselves, as they instead focused on supporting their own platform GOG."" (direct quote)

No, there is more behind the scenes about this but what all that is unknown to us for now. That direct quote from him doesn't sit to well with me when all I have to do is go out and google all the various stores I can buy this game from. 


 "
"It wasn't just Garrisons for me, it was the whole ""make all high level areas into Timeless Isle"" that did me in.

It just doesn't work spread across every zone in the expansion. There's also no narrative push for anything. You're just sent to grind the same grind over and over with little context and little immediate reward. Dailies at least gave a little sense of accomplishment. Now it feels like systems, such as rep farming, are far worse off than being locked behind a series of dailies.

For me, 5.1 and 5.2 were some of the best casual, non-raid endgame content added. I dunno why they didn't combine those ideas with the Timeless Isle ideas to give many options on how to get to your goals and feeling some sense of success along the way."
"CDPR is basically like a textbook manufacturer that sells for different prices in different markets, then complains that someone imported textbooks from a cheaper market and undercut them.

Oh, and guess what, [the Supreme Court decided this is protected under First Sale doctrine](http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2013/03/thai-student-protected-by-first-sale-supreme-court-rules/). I know the jurisdictions are different, and there's a difference between keys and textbooks, but I can't see how GMG has done anything wrong here. It's just business."
"The fact that CDPR are selling to everyone else except GMG is telling IMO.  Sounds like a pricing dispute to me, GMG is known to offer some of the largest pre release discounts, so I'd put my money on that."
"Watch this video -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bavibsoQYUw

It seems pretty clear that they do, since all the rebels are aiming down sights exclusively.

Edit: http://i.imgur.com/vVExhX1.jpg - It's really everyone using iron sights aside from storm troopers"
"No, I would prefer Battlefront to have iron sights or whatever the equivalent is because it just makes sense. "
"Out of curiosity how is choosing to sell their game on their platform ""being dicks?"", it's like getting mad at valve for not selling CS:GO on anything other than steam. I imagine the only reason they're offering it via other services is because those services hold enough of a market share that they'd be losing money if they didn't. 

There's not really a good guy/bad guy thing going on here, it's just a case of two companies that couldn't come to an agreement. "
It's called arbitrage and it's a common economic idea.  If there are two markets you have easy access to and prices differ in those networks you take advantage of that difference.
"The difference between TBC and the current game was that there was always a goal ahead of you in TBC. TBC launched with all of its raiding content available to you (minus Black Temple &amp; Sunwell). It was there for the taking, all you had to do was get good enough to clear it.

Now, they release an expansion with one single raid because they have to tune 50 different difficulty settings for it. There's no sense of adventure when you're just clicking a difficulty setting ""for new content."" New mechanics don't interest me. Once I've seen a fight, there's not much interest for me to see what other attack a boss has on a harder difficulty.

Sure, not everything was hard in TBC. There had to be easier content to start with. But I remember plenty of nights wiping in Serpentshrine Cavern and The Eye with my guild. It felt like we were working towards a goal of getting to see new content (i.e. RAIDS). Not just ""let's hurry up and clear normal/heroic mode so we can get to the REAL challenge of mythic."" And then continue to farm the same raid for months on end until Blizzard releases the next raid to do the same thing for months on end.

I mean, big props to the people that have stuck with the game and still enjoy it. The game's just not for me, and I've accepted that and moved on."
"&gt; battlefield reskin

Funny that people bitch about that when that's what Battlefront has always been. 

"
"I haven't played WoD at all, but I can tell you that the ""chore"" aspect of the game has been there since before MoP.

Log-in to do your daily quests.  Don't forget Blingtron for a free daily gift.  Don't forget your little cook panda bear for your free daily gift.  Don't forget to do your weekly raids.  Don't forget to grind your Valor.  Don't forget to *spend* your valor so you don't cap.

Two characters?  Do everything I just listed twice.  Every day, if you can.

I could go on.  But it's making me remember how much time I put into that game compared to the amount of fun I was actually having.  It was a time sink."
Don't be silly.  All weapons need a way to aim them.  Whether they are literal iron sights or some holographically projected thing is irrelevant.  I want to be able to switch between low accuracy/high speed and high accuracy/low speed aiming mechanisms in the game and they're announcing that nobody gets to aim with high accuracy except maybe sniper classes.  That's annoying and not true to anything.
"The absolutely baffling thing is it's available through Origin, Steam, Gamestop, **fucking uPlay** and GOG. It's specifically smaller digital retailers that they're locking out of the equation. If GMG is being honest and they are eating the cost on offering their discount, they would have eaten the cost on keys that CDProjekt delivered directly to them as well. This entire scenario is completely baffling, especially for a company as pro-consumer choice as CDProjekt is."
"This is what it sounds like to me, too. CDPR wanted to cut GMG out of the sales, GMG found a source of keys anyway and decided to go cutthroat with their pricing. So now CDPR is trying to go all FUD on the legitimacy of GMGs keys.

In other words, it's just business."
"I know what you mean, but I'm willing to try it. I think Halo does a good job without sights for everything though, but I don't really like how it feels in CS "
"If they were bought from regional pricing areas, then yes. Even if they are not technically region locked, they are still keys that weren't intended to be distributed outside of the region they were being sold in. 

If they didn't abuse regional pricing, then I see no issue here. However the vagueness of GMG's statement leads me to think that they very well may have."
This may surprise you but to shoot something you usually need to have it in your line of sight. And on Endor there are a lot of trees. So being able to move in a direction of your choosing would be beneficial to hitting the targets you want to hit.
"GmG is GoGs nearest digital competition.  GoG has nothing on steam,  but they might be able to swing hard enough to take a chunk of GmG market share as a storefront if they could guarantee they dont have the moments ""it""  title.  That ""it"" title is Witcher 3. GmG has undermined this power play,  likely at a short term loss. 

This is some vertical integration muscling from cd project red.  The Witcher 3 is just the tool at hand. "
"Arbitrage is the major threat to a global pricing strategy. DRM and region locking are the usual defences. This issue won't go away as long as businesses want to sell globally to people who make vastly different amounts of money. As a (globally, relatively wealthy) Australian I even do this because the currency exchange with the USD has worsened by a third in the last twelve months."
"Well that explains quite a bit - what I don't understand is why more people ain't jumping down CDPR's neck about this.

For example, let's put this in a different light, say GMG vs EA. Imagine if EA decided before release that they didn't want to sell Origin keys for DA:I through GMG as they'd like more exposure (and delicious profit) to come directly through Origin, then put out a press release telling people not to buy DA:I on GMG as they won't get any money for the sale and accusing GMG of shady business practices. Can you imagine the reaction here and on the rest of Reddit? It would be absolute mayhem - boycotts and accusations of 'America's worst company at it again' at the least.

In addition, is it just me or is CDPR starting to come across as a lot more customer unfriendly recently? Taking into account the fact that the game has an RRP of £50.00 in the UK, with pre-purchase being pushed hard with a discount and game extras, and post-launch DLC already announced with a Season Pass already on offer for almost half the price of the game at RRP. I honestly haven't seen anyone bring this up yet when other companies would get strung up by critics. Are CDPR being given a free pass when it comes to this sort of thing because they're still considered 'Indie', or are we at a stage where as a collective we've just given up on the idea that things will ever be any different for 'AAA' games?

I'd love to play The Witcher 3 but it's things like this that really make me feel that I shouldn't buy the game on principle."
"This is what I'm gathering.  I preordered from GMG because they've been good to me for 10+ purchases and I've never seen controversy (like G2A for example).

"
What exactly could they do to be considered non-canon? There's no story  or background other than the movies it takes place around
"&gt; While it would need to be elaborated upon, it did sound like a conscious decision not to sell to GMG.

How does he drop something like that and not explain why they're boycotting the company for this game? Man..."
"If you pretend that Unreal, Quake, Halo, Titanfall, and just about the entire free-to-play market don't exist, then sure, BF and COD are about the most arcadey games around "
"There is a book called battlefront that is going to be Canon, and whatever they consider the singleplayer in this game could probably be canon, but the multiplayer is never going to be considered canon, because imperial trooper xXSmoKduhKusHXx didn't kill Luke Skywalker with a 360 headshot during the battle of Hoth"
"I love GMG, but the phrasing of this seems sketchy. The fact that Witcher 3 is available at many other retailers does not seem to indicate some digital push of GOG. It seems more like a private dispute. The fact GMG blamed an improbable reason seems suspicious."
"I question by what metric GMG is GOG's nearest digital competition. GOG is a business platform all of their own, selling primarily old school games that work on modern systems. GMG is more akin to Amazon, GamersGate, Nuuvem. They are a key retailer. GOG is a distributor, and primarily in their own market (old school games).

I further question why GMG specifically would be the target of GOG's apparent turn to the dark side, when there are many other comparable sites and key sellers they could be going for.

If they were really trying to just advance their take home, why wouldn't they not release Nuuvem, Amazon, Steam, Origin, etc. and force people to buy through GOG? Sure, some people will say ""We only want our games on Steam!"", but a lot more people have been super excited for this game for a long time now. I somehow doubt they feel they would -need- a Steam release for their game to be known or to make sales. The Witcher is CD Projekt's Halflife. If they wanted to draw people to their platform, they would lock it behind GOG like Valve did Halflife behind Steam. And even if they did decide they needed a Steam release, why would they want to sell in all the other key sellers, and other storefronts? Why not just Steam (for the traffic) or GOG (for the full revenue)? It just doesn't make sense.

What seems more likely to me (but this is speculation) is that GOG and GMG were in negotiations, they couldn't reach an agreement, GMG said ""We'll get keys another way!"". When The Witcher 3 was put up on GMG, GOG got pissed and told people ""We don't know where they are getting those, so be careful."", and now GMG is saying ""GOG said they wouldn't sell us keys!"".

Truly, it is speculative because we just don't know what went on behind closed doors in their negotiations."
"For the sake of argument I'll assume that Nuuvem is where GMG bought their keys on the cheap:

CDPR already made their money from the sale of the keys to Nuuvem.  End of story.  That GMG bought many of those keys and then resold them does not mean CDPR suddenly *lost* some of the money they already made when they sold to Nuuvem.  CDPR is being disingenuous when it says it makes no money from the sales of W3 from GMG."
"Well, now that Disney owns Star Wars, they could technically make whatever they want canon. You never know"
"It's business is so key here.  

I don't understand why this is even news.  I don't get why people are being (indirectly or implicitly) shamed for using GMG because of this news.  ""Don't cry when your Russian key gets banned then"" etc."
But Valve only selling their games through their service leaves them beloved. Pretty silly community here.
"Same with shotguns in BC2. It might have tightened the zoom a little, but it was more of a zoom than anything."
"People just want something to complain about. 

A lot of folk will never be happy with this game, and we haven't even seen gameplay yet! "
"No it's that bad. I was invited to play the Alpha when it was released. The game is an absolute travesty. It's a terrible Call of Duty clone and an even worse Rainbow Six game. And yes, yes, ""But it's only an alpha."" Sure, whatever. You cannot change that much about a game in less than a year. Rainbow Six Siege will have its fan base, sure, but it should be absolutely avoided by past Rainbow Six fans."
"I highly doubt this is a loss for them, or that they are doing solely out of malice. Losing money on every sale wouldn't really accomplish much except hurt GMG. So would the waves of complaints that people couldn't get it on GMG that would force their hand in calling out CDP and just sounding jaded. CDP sold those keys to *someone* and gets money out of it that they were expecting anyways, so as much as this ""hurts"" CDP it's like a superficial hurt. They'll lose some direct sales on GoG but will still get paid. I'm willing to bet GMG is purposefully breaking even on these sales in a very calculated maneuver to avoid trouble. If they profited in some way they might give CDP a way to come after them, but this way they are just redistributing keys.

GMG could have just flat out come out and said ""Sorry customers, we can't sell you Witcher 3 because CDP wouldn't let us"" and let CDP take all the blame. Instead they went out and found an alternative way to provide the game to their customers while saying nothing negative about CDP. They saved themselves the headache of dealing with complaints and dancing around the issue of blaming CDP. It's not until CDP called them out that they defended themselves in explaining the situation.

Sounds to me like CDP is just mad that GMG is cutting into their ability to cut out the middle man and use their platform to maximize sales. It's probably very easy for them to figure out where those keys came from, but they are instead playing at ignorant and trying to imply they are not making any money from these sales which likely isn't true. I love CDP, but even I'm leaning towards them being the bad guys in this scenario.

"
"They aren't getting money from the sales on GMG, so that much is true.  CD Projekt Red doesn't know where GMG got the keys from in the first place, so that means they also wouldn't know if they ever got paid for the keys by the original retailer.

&gt;""I would kindly ask our fans no to buy via GMG at this time. We had not sold them Keys and don't know the origin of them,"" he said.

Unless you think they're just outright lying about not knowing where GMG got the keys from, then it doesn't seem like they're trying to mislead anyone.  I don't think they'd claim to not know the origin of the keys and go so far as to accuse GMG of selling grey market keys unless they were serious about not knowing the origin of the keys."
"I would guess it's because CDPR are trying to cultivate the image of being a company which cares about gamers and this seems like a purely business-driven decision. One of the biggest barriers to getting people to use your online store is getting them to sign up and enter their details. This is why you see Steam give away free games for instance, it's all about attracting users and the moment they're on your service it's easier to convert them into regular buyers. GOG likely want to cut out some of the competition in an effort to drive people to their store. The other stores they're working with are probably either not viewed as direct competition or are so big that the game's sales will plummet without them.

That's my guess anyway, it's all completely hypothetical but *something* is going on behind the scenes and not working with GMG who most publishers do seem to suggests something is happening on the CDPR end rather than on the GMG end IMO. "
"The first sale doctrine may not allow you to resell a copy of a program you've opened and therefore agreed to the shrink wrap agreement for, but I don't think any court in the land would say that someone who buys sealed copies of microsoft windows cannot resell those sealed copies.  And a product key that can only be used once is like shrink wrap.  I don't think a product key counts as a copyrighted work either.

That court decision was about transferring mp3 files from one person to another, which is nothing like this."
"Blizzard suffers badly from a fear of ""forcing"" people to do non-raid content. Result is what you described, the majority of non-raid content has pitiful rewards."
"Guild Wars 2's daily login rewards work the same way - if you miss a day, your progress is just halted, not reset."
"That seems like a very good guess. It fits the situation we know, makes sense from the GOG perspective and then also probably tells us why they're not very upfront about it. I don't think they'd be received very well if they came out and said the reason they didn't do a deal with GMG is because they wanted to sell the game for less money."
"I think operating at a loss for publicity and not having a hole in their catalog is not an unwarranted risk. Also, they could have bought in bulk at a discount so who knows how much they are making or losing here."
"&gt; But the game came to a screeching halt at max level.

Exactly this. Reputation became a vanilla-level mob grind, Heroics ended up pointless the second you geared, Ashran is a total mess, the Professions got reduced to daily cooldowns, and Garrisons quickly ended up feeling more like a chore than fun, at least as far as mat-gathering went. 

Even the leveling was only good because of the story. ""Perks"" didn't make up for absolutely zero new skills through the entire 10 levels, and even the level 100 talents for a lot of classes don't even feel worth the trip. 

Massive thumbs-up to FFXIV instead. I've been playing (admittedly casually, but then I did WoW too...) since early access and even now I still have a million things to do before Heavensward."
Steam is far and away the biggest digital retailer. If they didn't do a deal with Steam their PC sales would plummet. Origin aren't as directly competitive on pricing so the deal there wouldn't be too hard. GMG aren't as big as Steam and they're more competitive than Origin. It's possible CDPR and GOG view them as more direct competition and didn't like the idea of being undersold on their own game.
"&gt; GMG reselling keys will bring no revenue to CDPR since they already made their money.

No *additional* revenue, you mean, beyond the initial sale of the key from CDPR to Nuuvem.

I fail to see the problem here.  CDPR produced a key and sold it to Nuuvem for a price they deemed acceptable.  Whatever happens to that key from then on shouldn't matter much to CDPR: they already made their money from the initial sale."
Do loss leaders work in an environment where you can just go to the next website for a deal?  It seems almost archaic.
"&gt; No one is obligated to sell their games through someone elses store.

And GMG aren't obligated to go through CDPR to get keys. What they're doing isn't illegal and CDPR know it, that's why they're going out of their way to make it a PR battle instead of a legal battle, because they know that GMG are well within their rights to do this and that they're losing out on money because of it. You could even argue that GMG are in the right here because - knowing they could do this anyway regardless of the outcome - they approached CDPR and tried to negotiate a mutually beneficial deal when they could make more money by doing it the other way. 

So in short, GMG aren't breaking the law, CDPR are making potentially unfounded accusations of foul play and attempting to leverage their reputation to hurt GMG despite them not breaking the law. I can't honestly say CDPR seem like the good guys in this situation. "
"I completely understand the reason for making dungeon finder.  In the same vein, it didn't really do much to support casual player (the larger demographic).  As someone that played religiously and raided extensively, it seemed like a bit of a crutch, but didn't effect me much - at least that's how I felt at first.

However, in the process it really killed the heart of the game.  It lost its magic and wonder.  It wasn't a ""world"" anymore when you just get teleported to some monster hallway with a couple of turns and formulaic boss encounters.

All games have their time, but I can't help but wax nostalgic about the older days.  Sometimes I wish there was a way to fuse newer features with the Vanilla version of the game.  But at least there are memories of those times."
"Not sure that's a fair comparison.

You're paying for the data, so what you do with it, even if that is just to use Twitter, isn't really building on the back of anything.

Using Twitter servers to host (Clever) MS-Dos games seems entirely different."
"&gt; I'm highly turned off CD Project and GoG now though.

GMG is a store; CDProjekt is a combination developer and publisher. 

GMG (the store) has said that they tried to negotiate with CDPR (the dev/publisher), but negotiations didn't go through. GMG then states a rationale for this: ""they wanted to focus on GOG."" That's a possibility but it sounds pretty weak given that CDPR is selling *through Steam*, their biggest available competition. If they really wanted to focus on GOG for the release they'd *only* vend through GOG, where they get 100% of the retail price.

The reality is likely that GMG pushed for keys at a discounted price so they could get way out in front of other retailers with a huge pre-order sale (as you're seeing), but CDPR didn't like the proposal. Happens all the time in business. GMG has taken an alternate road to secure keys, and no, anything sold through them doesn't put a dime in CDPR's pocket any more than buying a used Nintendo title through Gamestop makes Nintendo a dime.

The statement of ""psh CDPR made their money on the first key they sold to whoever"" is accurate, but *contracts* govern the sale of those keys, and those sale contracts usually prohibit resale to other vendors (like GMG). There's no telling yet where the source keys came from. What happens if CDPR figures it out, then invalidates all the original keys GMG picked up on grounds that whoever the middle-man was invalidated their limited retail license? They'd be right to do so. 

If your view is swayed by the first thing you read, hey, good luck with that. I recommend waiting a bit to see what other data shakes out before you start taking sides, but you're free to do as you like. "
"Hurt more? What? I thought MoP had record lowest subscriber base of all the expansions, and it went up by an insane amount with WoD? How is that called hurting it more than anything.

People keep trying to 'go back' to the times where everything was fresh and new, the 'good old days' with friends and such. They don't realize that it just loses its shine, like a lot of games do.

Compared to thousands of other games WoW did far better than anything out there. It's the crying about 'how bad it got' that's kinda silly. It's a game. It's fun, but the fun stops at some point. Now it's until the new expansion comes out. 

I had fun leveling in WoD again and looking forward to the next expansion. I just won't stick around like I did in vanilla/BC/WotLK."
"&gt; At this point, I feel like WoW is doomed to dwindle.

I see figures continuing to decline, then spiking for a new expansion.  They'll keep making millions of dollars from subscriptions and sales of new expansions, but it confuses me about where the money goes.  I assume at this point the funds are being used for other IPs.  But wouldn't it have made more sense to improve Blizzard's footprint for WoW and hire more individuals to create content faster (and keep people more engaged)?

There's obviously a lot at work at Blizzard, but it still seems sort of odd.  They're clearly making a lot of money, but it's hard to understand why more isn't funneled into WoW."
Activision has been hiding Destiny sales figures from the start. Which means it didn't meet expectations. They have only ever released sales data for the first 5 days. After that nothing. And now they're bundling its numbers with a popular free-to-play game to further obfuscate the truth.
"&gt; We got to experience all the tie ups and resolutions of the stories that many of us were invested in since we were children.

All that is left is Kil'jaeden.  Everything else just feels like stalling until that point."
"I think I speak for a lot of people when I say I'd rather have a game in my Steam library than elsewhere. The entire reason is because I bought a shit ton a games from Steam in the past because they were dirt cheap. 

I'm ignoring the recent events and basing my statement off my state of mind when I bought GTA5 for $15 more than I could elsewhere because I'd rather have it in my Steam library. I don't know how I feel now that Steam and Rockstar (both respectable companies until recently) are on shaky moral ground. 

But my experience can't be unique. I'd rather pay more at a company I respect than less at one I don't. I have the luxury of disposible income that allows me to make that choice, though. And I also understand purchasing based on moral belief isn't really something everyone puts before saving money even if they do have the disposible income. "
"As someone who's still playing Star Wars Galaxies 4 years after they shut the live servers down, and more than 7 since they killed off the player base with changes.... you would be surprised about how long some people will stick around and play games they truely love. 

10 years is much too small a number."
"Now, this is delving a little too deep here, and it's more about logical operation than the actual issue, but it was kind of interesting, hopefully it makes this clearer:

&gt;by your logic, how do they know that they are making money if they don't know where the keys are coming from? they could be stolen for all they know.

That's not the way logic in this context must be supported.  If X claims A, it must prove A.  X doesnt need to prove either A or B at all yet, X just can't support A yet so shouldn't claim that A is true.  This is all before Y even comes in to explain their side, X has made a logically unsupportable statement.

Previous poster noted that if CDPR cannot determine where the keys came from, they can't actually support the claim that they aren't being paid for them.

CDPR claiming they are not being paid publicly without proof is irresponsible.  They don't need to prove they are, they need to not claim they aren't before they prove they aren't."
"If CDPR was only concerned about pushing their own platform, they'd pull an EA and release Witcher 3 only on their platform. I don't know why CDPR doesn't want to do business with GMG, but I also don't really care, it's their right to choose who they do business with. Considering the recent cases of people buying keys that turned out to be illegitimate, I don't see any issue with CDPR notifying customers that there may be an issue with GMG's keys. It seems to me gamers are far more concerned with getting a discount than supporting those who develop games."
"Very much this.  WoW was a great social game but Garrisons make it so damn lonely.  I really never had a reason to leave my Garrison as all of my ""tasks"" hubbed from there."
"At this point, I assume because they know that WoW is only going to get higher and higher maintenance.  They're trying to cultivate another cash cow like WoW, because WoW clearly isn't capable of competing with itself a few years ago, just by its nature as a long runner.

The WoW gravy train will eventually have to stop, and Blizzard is diverting funds now to make sure that they have another one ready to ride when that happens."
"http://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/353iip/wow_down_to_71_million_subscribers_q1_2015/cr0p45a

&gt; Shamelessly hijacking the top post to show why the numbers fell so hard. 7.1 million. That's less than Cataclysm at its worst by about 2 million. The reason that subscription numbers have gotten this low is because we have less content for WoD than past expansions. And you might not realize how much WoD didn't deliver. Let's take a look:
&gt; 
&gt; &amp;gt;No new races
&gt; 
&gt; &amp;gt;No new classes
&gt; 
&gt; &amp;gt;No new battlegrounds
&gt; 
&gt; &amp;gt;No new capital cities
&gt; 
&gt; &amp;gt;No new profession
&gt; 
&gt; &amp;gt;Remaining professions gutted
&gt; 
&gt; &amp;gt;Farahlon cut
&gt; 
&gt; &amp;gt;Tannan pushed back to 6.2
&gt; 
&gt; &amp;gt;BRF pushed back from launch
&gt; 
&gt; &amp;gt;Ashran is a complete failure
&gt; 
&gt; &amp;gt;No daily hubs
&gt; 
&gt; &amp;gt;No reputation factions to work for rewards
&gt; 
&gt; &amp;gt;Only five new leveling zones (Shadowmoon and Frostfire are basically faction specific)
&gt; 
&gt; Now let's compare that with the content of other expansions **at launch**:
&gt; 
&gt; BC offered:
&gt; 
&gt; * A new battleground
&gt; 
&gt; * Two new races
&gt; 
&gt; * Three new capital cities
&gt; 
&gt; * Flying Mounts
&gt; 
&gt; * A new profession
&gt; 
&gt; * Seven new leveling zones
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; Wrath offered:
&gt; 
&gt; * Two new battlegrounds
&gt; 
&gt; * Wintergrasp
&gt; 
&gt; * A new class
&gt; 
&gt; * A new capital city
&gt; 
&gt; * A new profession
&gt; 
&gt; * Eight new leveling zones (not counting Crystalsong)
&gt; 
&gt; Cataclysm offered
&gt; 
&gt; * Redesigned Azeroth
&gt; 
&gt; * Two new races
&gt; 
&gt; * Two new battlegrounds
&gt; 
&gt; * Archeology
&gt; 
&gt; * Tol Barad
&gt; 
&gt; * Redesigned Stormwind and Orgrimmar
&gt; 
&gt; Mists offered
&gt; 
&gt; * A new race
&gt; 
&gt; * A new class
&gt; 
&gt; * Two new battlegrounds
&gt; 
&gt; * Scenarios
&gt; 
&gt; * Battlepets
&gt; 
&gt; * Six new leveling zones (not counting Vale of Eternal Blossoms)
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; So if all of this side content was missing, one would assume that at least the main, end game content should have been greater, correct? This was the dungeon and raid content that was released AT LAUNCH:
&gt; 
&gt; BC
&gt; 
&gt; * 15 Dungeons
&gt; 
&gt; * 5 Raids (Karazhan, Gruul's Lair, Magtheridon's Lair, Serpentshrine, Tempest Keep)
&gt; 
&gt; Wrath
&gt; 
&gt; * 12 Dungeons
&gt; 
&gt; * 4 Raids (Naxxramas, Obsidian Sanctum, Eye of Eternity, Vault of Archavon)
&gt; 
&gt; Cataclysm
&gt; 
&gt; * 9 Dungeons
&gt; 
&gt; * 4 Raids (Blackwing Descent, Baradin Hold, Throne of the Four Winds, Bastion of Twilight)
&gt; 
&gt; Mists
&gt; 
&gt; * 9 Dungeons
&gt; 
&gt; * 1 Raid (Mogu'shan Vaults, Heart of Fear and Terrace of the Endless Spring released a month after launch)
&gt; 
&gt; WoD
&gt; 
&gt; * 8 Dungeons
&gt; 
&gt; * 1 Raid (Highmaul, BRF released **three months** after launch)
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; Now people have said before, ""Hey those other raids were small and didn't really count as a real raid."" But my rebuttal would be then why were they removed? Those small raids were always there at the beginning of the expansions. Why couldn't Blizzard work on them? What were they possibly spending all their time on?
&gt; 
&gt; This is why subscribers are down. It's not because Blizzard has been catering to hardcore gamers. It's not because Blizzard has been catering to casual gamers. AND IT IS NOT because WoW is just getting old. WoW subscribers are down because Blizzard has released significantly less content this expansion. And this doesn't even touch on the drama which is ""No Flying"", the abysmal story writing, the capital city drama, the mass of botters ruining pvp, or the terrible design choice that was garrisons, to have players spend most of their time in an MMORPG inside their own personal instance.
&gt; 
&gt; And what frustrates a lot of us, and the reason why it probably seems like people are complaining left and right, is because Blizzard knew we were frustrated in WoW. They understood that the SoO 14 month content gap sucked. They said they understood that we wanted more dungeons released throughout the expansion like with the Icecrown Citadel patch. They said they were going to change their ways. And they didn't.
&gt; 
&gt; Even with the trend Blizzard has been going on with less and less content, the significant lack of side, non-raid content in WoD is insane, especially when you consider what they did in the past and how little dungeon and raid content they gave us this round.
&gt; 
&gt; Also here's a graph of the [subscriptions numbers for WoW overtime.](http://www.mmo-champion.com/content/)
&gt; 
&gt; 7.1 Million puts them back to almost SoO numbers.
&gt; 
&gt; **TL;DR: WoW has been losing subscribers because Blizzard has been releasing less content. WoD is an insult to the players. They took more time to develop it than any of the others (14 months of no content during SoO), charged more for it than any of the others, [and delivered significantly less content than any of the others](http://imgur.com/a/bJvev).**

Courtesy of /u/TiredOfYourShit21"
"&gt;See: UbiSoft pulling Assassins Creed and Far Cry keys from steam users earlier this year when they bought from G2A, another unauthorized reseller.

This was a case of people buying cd-keys off Origin using stolen credit card information and then onselling those keys on G2A. When the cards were reported as stolen, the charges were reversed and this led to the keys being revoked. 

There's no suggestion of GMG using stolen cards to purchase the keys in this case. They simply sourced the keys from another supplier. If that supplier was legit, then there's no recourse for GoG to revoke the keys.  "
"It was also the implementation of the Garrisons themselves. They weren't really a base of operations... they were just another set of dailies. Wildstar had an absolutely excellent housing system that honestly kept me playing what was otherwise an extremely mediocre core game (which got better now apparently) for longer than I should have been playing it. Getting new items, customizing my house; it gave me something to do that I *wanted* to do.

With Garrisons, you can't do anything more than what is given to you to do. You log in, do your stuff, that's it, nothing more. There is no meaningful reputation, there is little extra customization you can get except for transmogs, and everything is behind a time gate."
"It's the concept of progression, something LFR and the new patch policy have killed. Progression meant most of the playerbase, even those behind in the content, aren't just doing the first tier of the newest stuff and skipping over everything else in the expansion, so they're not just sitting around waiting for patches.

The first raid tier that completely killed all the content that came before it was ToC in Wrath, which had horribly boring, easy, and quickly puggable 10/25man normals that equaled or replaced gear you got in heroic Ulduar, which was great and hard. Every raid tier since Cata has repeated this to some degree. Firelands normal gear was a replacement for heroic gear from the previous tier, and the LFR system is even worse.

Resetting everything in an xpac is bad enough, why do that to your own game every patch? An game should never feel like there's nothing to do, or that the grind you're putting yourself through has no purpose."
"I couldn't agree more, I really enjoyed that solo MoP content.  Whilst I didn't enjoy the wider story, those little snippets were very well done.  In regards to reputation, I don't know why they don't offer both options - dailies for chunks of reputation, and/or a long, arduous mob grind.  To me that seems simple enough and would suit more people, if you have some time to kill you can grind some mobs and can catch up if you're unable to log in to do dailies regularly."
There is some chart out there that shows that while MoP started out the lowest it maintained some of the highest retention compared to Cata and WoD.
"Once the dust settled I realized I wasn't logging in for fun, but rather for the stupid garrison cooldowns.  I immediately uninstalled the game and cancelled my subscription.  I pictured scientists in blizzard branded lab coats looking down at me in my box, ""the xp had no effect since level cap, but we found if we release the end game rewards in 24 hour intervals he checked the feeder every time"".  Felt like a total dumbass for paying into that garbage. "
"These websites are doing a shitty job of researching this topic.

The EULA was last revised October 1, 2013. That's what the site says. They didn't just change it, that section has been there all along. http://www.rockstargames.com/eula

There's still no proof that Rockstar is banning people for using mods in singleplayer. All we know for sure is that some people got banned for using FoV mods in multiplayer."
As someone with over 325  games in my steam library I buy DRM free whenever I can. A steam monopoly would be disastrous for PC gaming. 
They may also have wanted to limit discounting. So they could have chosen not to do business with distributors that wouldn't agree to maintain a certain price.
Yep. I enjoy the levelling content for Warlords but the thought of having to spend x amount of gold and time just to get my alts garrisons and followers up to a decent level is... Appalling. I usually love levelling alts as its a new experience every time for the expansion.... But now I cannot bring myself to do it. 
"See for me the garrison ruined the game because back in vanilla i'd hang around Org, in TBC i'd hang around Shat, WOTLK in Dalaran and so on but in WOD you sit alone in your garrison."
"&gt; took forever to kill

Nah. Jump on one of the Hoth disc turrets, charge it up to full power and aim at the neck. You can take down an At-AT in 10 shots I think."
"&gt; But wouldn't it have made more sense to improve Blizzard's footprint for WoW and hire more individuals to create content faster (and keep people more engaged)?

At a certain point, they'd be spending more money rushing to create content than it would bring in.  WoW's just in that strange place all long-running MMOs get to:  Too stale to keep growing, but too entrenched to be changed.  Most people have experienced it and it would take major changes to bring them back for good, but the existing playerbase would be alienated by that level of change.

They could churn out content, but rushing it would just kill the game faster.  Hardcore players would resent their accomplishments becoming obsolete so soon and more casual players would become overwhelmed by the amount of things they're expected to do.  Not to mention that increasing the pace of development would most likely cause the quality to dip.

I think Blizzard has realized that WoW is on life-support.  It'll last for a long time even with dwindling numbers, but you can see them attempting to branch out.  Hearthstone, Heroes of the Storm, and Overwatch all look like platforms for Blizzard to transition to once WoW no longer floats the company by itself."
"Even worse is when progress is limited on a daily basis. Like you can only get 100 tokens per day by doing dungeons and you need 700 tokens to get a one piece of pre-raid gear(out of 6 pieces total).

Even if you play for 16 hours straight per session, if you can only play 4 days a week then it will take you twice as long to get into raids as someone who can play for 2 hours every day."
Well it's not like having no iron sights is a negative to the game. It's a design decision that will have a large impact on the gameplay and is important to know.
"did you not read the quote either?

&gt; To do this, we reached out to third parties and retailers that were approved by CDPR, to legitimately pass these keys onto our customers.

your interpretation:

&gt;The CEO of GMG said that in this particular scenario, they were forced to buy keys from different spots than their usual sources, so it is entirely possible they are not legit.

is pretty odd considering what ""The CEO of GMG said"" "
"If you like alts try FFXIV. You have the ability for one character to have multiple classes that level up separately. You can change your class outside an instance/combat and it's only like a 1-minute cool down to most abilities. Everything you do with your character progresses your main, but you can jump around to different classes and different roles (tank, healer, dps) without sacrificing any storyline or fluff things like housing or mounts. Still have to gear up each class on its own, but it's not that hard.

Awesome storyline too if you like plot, cutscenes and voice overs."
"I couldn't agree more. What got me hooked on WoW back in the day was how vast every aspect of the game felt. 

The servers allowed just the right amount of players for it to be not just a small part of the game, but one of the unofficial aspects of it to build and nurture your own reputation. In a sense, everyone was role-playing, if not always with Fantasy in mind.

Personally I loved to build my reputation as an elitist, scumbag rogue with all the skills to back up my sass, and even further back when I began playing in vanilla I enjoyed the largess of it all. Some guy who was known for all his knowledge pertaining quests and exploration, another guy who was wholly dedicated to crafting, and the few but all-famous hardcore players who managed to juggle almost every part of the game.

TL;DR: back in the days WoW truly felt like a living and breathing cyber-world, now I don't really see what makes it the ""world"" of Warcraft, and the map seems to just be a waste of space on your harddrive."
"That doesn't really add up when you look at price disparities between countries with similar average wages. Companies base their prices on what they think people are willing to pay. While wages play a part in that, they're not the primary factor. "
"/r/swgemu Is the project that all of the servers are based off of, but there are many out there that offer different play experiences.

Personally I play on [Awakening](http://swgawakening.com/index.php), which is a server that is bringing a lot of custom or re-implemented content from the later iterations of the game back into the Pre-Combat Upgrade version, all while keeping the original game in mind. They also offer a secret jedi unlock system which no one has conquered yet! It's also the 2nd largest server in comparison to Basilisk (SWGEmu's test server) and promises no wipes unless there is something 100% game breaking that requires them to do so. If you're interested in a F2P MMO (absolutely no P2W features!!) with absolutely amazing in depth sandbox features, I cant recommend any other game.

If you're interested in a more in depth description of the game, or maybe even some screenshots, I would gladly make another post for you! =]

"
"&gt;  I'm just a big sucker for extra realistic games.

Perhaps Star Wars is not the place to look for realism... "
"apparently the nemesis system was good but you had to be bad at the game to really get to see it.
play well or smart and you can really not even notice it or see it at work."
"How is that different from any other online service? ""I should be able to do whatever I want with anyone's servers, because hey, they just built their service on the backs of the ISPs.""

It's not like SMS was some free service that Twitter took advantage of; someone, either Twitter or their users, paid for every SMS they sent. "
I can't believe those crazy bastards released that game in 2007... I would love to see what could be done with a PC game today if a company had the balls to just release something as far ahead of its time as Crysis was...
"Considering [Sargeras is larger than Azeroth](http://i.imgur.com/g4kam4I.png), immune to conventional weapons and extremely resistant to magic.. I don't see him as a boss in WoW, unless Blizzard pulls some BS and reduce him in power enough to be killed by a group of players.  
  
We do have some Old Gods left to banish, and possibly another visit by a titan construct bent on wiping out all life on Azeroth. The Burning Legion still has Mephistroth and possibly more unnamed leaders. Considering the whole revamped timeline business, all the old Burning Legion characters are alive and well somewhere in the Twisting Nether."
"&gt; the dungeons are far too easy and offer no worthwhile rewards.

Dungeons were rather challenging before the raids came out. The last boss in Slagmines could be virtually impossible with weak DPS. Roltall required more situational awareness that most pre-WoD dungeon bosses. Azzakel in Auchindoun required some coordination to avoid getting nuked by conflagration. Warlord Zaela in UBRS was killer, although she got nerfed a bit early on. 

I quit a week in to Highmaul, but I assume the dungeons have already been trivialized by raid gear. I think that's a shame. Blizzard should scale up the difficulty of dungeons or something as raid gear gets higher ilvl. Or at least make challenge modes award useful gear. CMs were super fun when everyone had just hit 630 ilvl before Highmaul came out, but they quickly became irrelevant when the people skilled enough to complete them all got 640+ gear the first week of raids from crafting and garrison missions and whatnot. 

Long way of saying challenging dungeons are fun and its dumb that they're only challenging for a few weeks. "
"&gt;It really sounds like CDPR is making a fuss because they wanted to push their platform ONLY.

Except they're not. They're selling through their own platform, as well as Steam, Origin, Gamestop, and UPlay. CDPR hasn't said a thing about not buying from those other retailers. *Maybe* they're making a fuss for a legitimate reason."
"Yeah, one of the quests sent you into a cave to get something or other. The garrison should have been *in* the cave."
Anyone remember the cash contests for both Vectorman games when they launched? I got giddy when I *somehow* beat the second game and called the number only to find out it was over within a week.
"&gt;I don't see any issue with CDPR notifying customers that there may be an issue with GMG's keys.

I would go further than that. CDPR has a responsibility to notify people when they see a reputable retailer unexpectedly selling their games."
"It's the difference between ""collective"" and ""consecutive"", and I much prefer games that ditch the latter in favor of the former."
"I remember a few years ago CPR was very much against the idea of deep discounts especially early in a product's life cycle.

http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2012/04/06/gog-talks-preserving-value-of-games-slow-death-of-drm/"
"It's not really ADS, they just changed the scoping animation and allowed some guns that has no sights at all to zoom in.  
(I.e in the clip you used the pistol always has a zoom now there's just nos cope to it/same with BR.  The SMG is the same as the one used in ODST and the AR is the only real change)."
"The people complaining are those that haven't played a BF game before. They don't realize that this is Star Wars: BATTLEFRONT, not Star Wars: Call of Battlefield."
"Is it, though? TW3 is on other platforms and seems to be available basically everywhere. It sounds more like ""we didn't get the deal we wanted from the publisher, so we figured out a way to get keys for a lower price."""
"Twitter wants to control their platform. ""For your safety""

It's probably not the games that bother them, but the underlying technology and what it allows.

It would be super easy to spread a virus or other harmful program via Twitter if the technology allowed for it.

The other reason is that it's also easy to inject a competitive product into Twitter that might hurt their business. 

MySpace used to block for the same basic reasons. 

Just in case you ask, Facebook doesn't really have this problem since they are a walled garden that doesn't allow embeds at all unless Facebook servers serve the content. "
"&gt; To be honest they're both bullshitting. CDPR saying they don't get any money on the sales from GMG is also bullshit

It's good then that CDPR never said that. It was GameStop taking small snippet of CDPR reps forum post, even paraphrased fuck out of that, and then writing around it with GameStops own shit.

Read what CDPR rep really has said about this issue; 

* http://forums.cdprojektred.com/threads/35436-Witcher-3-35-off?p=1634844&amp;viewfull=1#post1634844

* http://forums.cdprojektred.com/threads/35436-Witcher-3-35-off?p=1635264&amp;viewfull=1#post1635264"
"I personally don't care for player housing in games, I never understood it, it was always clunky and useless at best in games.

...Until I got a house in Wildstar. I made this beautiful little permanent-cozy-nighttime forest thicket with a little campfire and hammocks, little thin trees, giant trees, medium fat trees, a little pond, a cozy little Aurin house styled to look like some cute little fairytale house, and the pathway from the warp-in spot to my front door was lined with firefly lanterns. I decorated that little house to be the coziest motherfucker in the galaxy, had an upstairs made out of carpet, with a bunch of pillows for a bed, book stacks everywhere, a gold banana for no reason, everything was softly lit by more lanterns, oh it was great! I played into it so much, I loved getting new little items to have in my decoration bin, even if I didn't use them, it was always thrilling to get something and ""Ooh! I wonder if that'll fit the theme I have going on here?"". Unfortunately as you said, the rest of the game was garbage.

However compared to that, Garrisons are so extremely underwhelming. There's no customization to it, I don't feel like my garrison is...well, anything. It feels like any ole nameless shitty Horde town, the only thing unique about it is that it gives me chores to do. Swell."
"Spoilers ahead... Sorta

That happened to me, I rarely was killed, and when I was it was from me fooling around like ""I'm going to agro as many uruks as possible and fight to the death"". So my nemesis in the end was this puny, weak uruk who put up no fight at all."
"I think you're starting to see this already with how Hearthstone, Heroes of the Storm, and Overwatch are or are shaping up to be.  I believe someone mathed it out that Hearthstone's pulled in around a half a billion dollars or so for Blizzard to date.  The earnings call http://seekingalpha.com/article/2891046-activision-blizzard-atvi-q4-2014-results-earnings-call-transcript?part=single (start listening at 6:30 or so) gives you some numbers to construe the data."
Me and my brother spent almost an hour messing around with the SEGA logo upon bootup. We discovered that you could shut off the logo and we found the hidden TV but we had to consult a Tips &amp; Tricks to discover that there was a level select hidden there.
"Well, Luke, he might be. A lot of troopers seem to have gotten with a lot of mothers during the war, and we're still sorting out the whole thing."
"This right here so much, is what I've been saying since Timeless Isle came out. It was just grind, no goal, no objective, just kill a shitton of stuff, eventually you'll get something maybe whatever pay your monthly sub already. It was shit, and it still is shit, it's low-effort content of fucking old Korean MMO quality, I'm not playing Ragnarok Online, I'm supposed to be playing World of Warcraft.

I really enjoyed the 5.2 Isle of Thunder content, you could do a bunch of just killing shit with the rares, get some chance at the vault scenario, or other stuff. There were dailies to do, pvp dailies too, story and actual content.

But it was too easy to just say ""Oh people don't like doing dailies for rep for valor gear, so to solve that we're removing all 3 of those things!"" And now, that's where we're at. A game with dungeons that don't offer rewards, no reputation, no real dailies of any value since Apexis is fucking beyond useless somehow, terribly balanced PVP, a 'battleground' that hasn't worked right since release despite Blizz's insistence that IT'S FINE, and so that leaves the only thing to do...Raiding.

And for all the praise people lump on the raiding, I'm not wild about BRF. For one thing, there's just too much shit that all looks the same. I get it; Foundry=fire, but jesus christ, fire can have more than one color. It's not that it's difficult to avoid damage or something, it's just that you're just looking at a blob of orange fire and there's characters...Somewhere in there. The visual feedback fucking sucks. Apart from that, there are so many goddamn fights in that raid that are those horrible ""endless trash"" bosses. Does anyone actually enjoy endless trash?

I got a little off track there, but it still stands. WoD sucks."
"Key points from the article: 

""Accompanying the announcement were slides touting the fact that AMD’s new GPUs will be the first to ship with High Bandwidth Memory (HBM). Proposed by AMD as an industry standard back in 2010, **HBM uses stacked DRAM memory to basically achieve much higher memory bandwidth speed than GDDR5** (currently used in all modern GPUs) **with less power consumption**.

'On-package memory reduces complexity of enthusiast-class graphics.' What that tells me is that your typical flagship video card might be slimming down a bit. **Will the 390x be small enough to fit inside a mini-ITX PC case? Doubtful, but I bet we’re heading in that direction.**

The other thing? 'GPUs are just the start — Opportunities to extend across AMD product portfolio.' That hint is much stronger: **High Bandwidth Memory is almost certainly coming to AMD’s APU lineup.**""

Pics from the article:

[Pic 1](http://blogs-images.forbes.com/jasonevangelho/files/2015/05/AMDNextGenGraphics-1940x1091.jpg)

[Pic 2](http://blogs-images.forbes.com/jasonevangelho/files/2015/05/AMDGraphicsHBM-1940x1091.jpg)"
"What was ridiculous was the followers. 

""hey, send me out on these epic adventures to collect gear and stuff for you. You can work the mines and herb garden.""

Shouldn't it be the other way around? "
"So?  If they're already refusing to sell to GMG, then that bridge has likely been already burned.  Doesn't matter who was at fault at this point, but if GMG can't get the keys directly I'd do the same thing if I was them.  If the alternative is missing selling a huge title..."
"&gt;Correct me if I am wrong, but doesn't that mean avoiding Steam whenever possible? 

That's exactly what that means (GOG.com is awesome).

&gt;My bank blocks gog.com and refuses to unblock them.

Change banks, open an account with another bank, use a prepaid card, etc.

Sounds like your bank doesn't care about your business. It's *your* money, and I don't know your situation, but them refusing to let me buy something from a particular merchant would make me close all my accounts with them within the hour."
"I can't comment on the game because I literally haven't played it in well over a decade - but this post made me suddenly remember it. 

Vectorman was one of the first console video games I played, along with Sonic 2, and I seem to remember beating the entire game and absolutely loving it.

Welp, totally going to go find a way to replay it now."
"They're adding mythic versions of the dungeons that drop 685 gear, and can be considerably more difficult depending on how geared you are."
"Ergh, you are correct.  Sargeras does need to be dealt with, KJ is just his servant.  I get them mixed up.

Good news is we'll hopefully confront them on Argus, the original Eredar homeworld."
"What I hate the most about heists is the setup. Finish a setup, KICKED OUT OF LOBBY (basically, since they THROW YOU BACK INTO THE ONLINE GAME) nearby your previous teammates, then they can just shoot you, just cause. And don't tell me about the good sport for not killing you team mates. Who cares? IT'S 2000$. POINTLESS. Oh did you want to actually just continue to the next part? Nah, we will through you into the world, then you can contact lester, start up a lobby, THEN reinvite the people you just played with! LOTS OF LOADING, FUN EH? REPEAT 3 FUCKING + TIMES. What kind of shit logic is this? You can't just throw the people back in the same lobby so they can continue? And someone leaving just kills your lobby too....

Oh and don't get me started on lester calling you EVERY TIME TO REMIND YOU OF A NEW HEIST IF YOU DIDN'T START IT."
Arcadey gunplay was a defining quality of the first two games. It's what set them apart from the Battlefield games.
"Restriction?  How about not restricting the accuracy of the weapons so we need iron-sights in the first place?

I thought hard core games hated random number generators, and yet here we're seeing all this argument in favour of holding still to reduce the random jitter so that players don't have to deal with the mental conplexity of running fast and shooting at the same time."
"Don't be silly, it's much better to build right beside the cave and leave the walls of your fort right underneath an easily scaled rocky outcrop so that invaders can easily drop in.

That cave does make a fantastic herb garden though, good thing plants don't need sun."
"&gt; No dailies

People complained that reputation dailies were boring... so instead they have have only reps by killing mobs... such a stupid move.  

""Oh that pillow case is too rough.  Okay, well here is one made out of sandpaper!"""
"&gt; Battlefront is going to feature arcadey gunplay

Hasn't it always been arcadey gunplay?  I admit, I did skip BF1, but BF2 definitely felt arcadey to me."
"If he's larger than Azeroth, why not make him an expansion unto himself. What would be more badass than having entire living zones which are the end boss, progressively destroying his body?"
"The running joke has always been ""implementing X costs a raid tier!"" 

[Eventually Blizzard got in on the joke](http://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2014/july/allianceGarrison01.jpg), making us laugh and cry simultaneously."
"Um. Thanks? I was kind of expecting nothing less. It's kind of like trying to sell me on an apartment by saying it includes a toilet, kind of underwhelming."
"http://i.imgur.com/A8lXY2S.png

Well, they had a physical magnified optic on their E-11 in addition to iron sights. The optics also raised like the Soviet dove tail mount and offset a bit to the right which would allow them to use the iron sights as a backup for close range."
Guild Wars 2 breaks so many annoying MMO conventions that I get annoyed when people still act like there's no other way than current annoying conventions seen in almost every other MMO.
"There's something that most people aren't realizing about WoW and that's not only is the game getting old, but so are it's players.

I was ~16 when when came out, and that's when I started to play it. I'm turning 27 this month. So much has changed for me. Life, school, work, friends, family. Everything in my life is drastically different from when I first started play. Hell, even now each year gets even more exponentially different than the last. 

I have a dog now, a wonderful Pitty, and he takes up a lot of time himself, to think that other people my age have kids and all of that!

The game is at a very awkward crossroads between keeping up with itself, keeping up with it's players and keeping up with an ever divided player base. The game is changing, players lives are changing, and the expectation of games are changing. Too much adjustment to the right, and you piss off veterans, too much adjustment to the left and you alienate new players.


Quite honestly with a game like WoW it's impossible to keep up without fully dedicating anything and everything they have to it. In order to keep up with what older players want and give new players what they need you'd need to offer a ridiculous amount of content with each patch.

I've played WoW since it launched. I've raided, I've PvP'd and I've done all of the likes. Sit me down and ask me what I want and I really couldn't tell you. It'd be contradictions and too much cherry picking in order to create a cohesive picture of what needs to be done. That kind of thing is what they are faced with and sadly, I don't think much can be done.

That all said, I loved the start of WoD, I LOVED leveling, and at first I loved the Garrisons, but I felt that they really can't keep up with the development cycle they had initially aimed for (faster content, in and out quicker) enough to justify the lack of content offered. It's okay to have ""filler"" times like this, but if the next expansion doesn't deliver on *a lot* it's really just going to drive things down even further.

If we could realistically get one medium content expansion and then one HIGH content expansion they could pull it off in the long-run, but to give two medium level expansions in a row would be a true death sentence. 

I keep hearing that they've increased WoW's team after the Titan fallout, but how little we've seen from that makes me wonder either something big is ahead, or they really have lost their way."
"I am going to take a moment and totally rag on the customization for a bit. In a game developed by some of the most detail oriented motherfuckers in the industry, it's strange to me how limited and often times mishandled the customization of player characters is, especially when compared to Saints Row.

Firstly, the interface is just godawful. When you go to a subsection, namely the ""Hoodies"" section, you have a list of 20-something items that are all literally the same exact article of clothing in different colors. They come in a variety of prices, some are unlocked at absurdly high levels (why can I unlock a grenade launcher before having enough Rep to buy a damn purple hoodie?), and it makes navigating items a pain. Then there's the issue of not being able to customize the item itself. No, you're not allowed to put the hood up. If you want to unbutton your suit jacket you'll have to buy a whole new article of clothing, identical in every way to the one you are currently wearing with the exception that doesn't come pre-buttoned, for another $5,000. 

*Saints Row* (as in, the launch title for the Xbox 360) was super streamlined. You go to the clothing store, select ""Upper Body"", select ""Jackets"", select the hoodie, select the color you want, select how you'd like to wear it (hood up/down, zipped/unzipped/partly zipped), and that's it. No dozens of hoodies in various shades or styles to sift through, no awkward pricing structure, and to change the way you wear it takes a simple trip to your wardrobe and making adjustments there. No buying the same exact purple hoodie you are currently wearing just so you can put the hood back down.

Then there's the issue of clothing not being available in all colors. My friends and I like to customize our clothes and cars to match our crew's color. Sadly, the rainbow of colors doesn't really match our exact shade of blue and the only ""Crew"" clothing item is a single shirt. You have generic hoodies, track suits, sweat suits, and various styles of hats that all match each other and come in a rainbow of colors, but no option for a ""Crew"" hoodie or hat. We have 2 flat-bill hats and 2 baseball caps, but they only come in black and black/grey (flat bills) or green and purple (baseball caps). Why can't I have my blue hat? Why can't I have a blue baseball shirt? Why can't I have a blue tank top that matches the other blue clothing items in the store? Why can't I have the purple or green flat bill that comes with the Hat/Bandana Masks? Also, why have a ""Sports Tops"" category for literally one basketball jersey?

Again, *Saints Row* solved this issue by giving you a series of clothing models and then allowing you to pick your own colors. *Saints Row 2* and onwards even included a screen full of various shades so you can find the EXACT tone of purple you liked the best. Just pick out the article of clothing you want and you can get it in any shade you'd like.

Finally, I'd like to address an issue that's bothered people in the GTA subreddits since the game's arrival... WHY THE FUCK DO THE BLACK SUIT PANTS LOOK PURPLE!?! IT'S BEEN A YEAR AND A HALF AND IT STILL LOOKS INCREDIBLY STUPID! In fact, none of the suit pants seem to match their respective jackets. It's really maddening."
"Because they not only dropped the ball but they shit the bed with Destiny.

Decent at best vanilla release, piss-poor ""expansion"" content, and continuous player-burning - Destiny has been a poor performer from the start.
"
"I thought the main reason people complained about them in MoP was due to actual gear being gated behind them, rather than purely cosmetic items like in the past. If they would have just left daily rep quests that are there just for the cosmetic stuff/achievements, I feel like it would have kept me coming back and feeling like I had something to actually do, without ""having"" to do them."
"Initially I liked the idea of garrisons.

Now I fucking hate them because blizzard just uses them as a substitute for actual content..."
"Not to mention they never gave a source for where they were getting these codes from. ""Other retailers approved by CDPR."" Plus the line that they are willing to talk some more smacks of blackmail. As in, ""If you want to see profits from this, you should work with us directly."""
"MoP was actually a pretty solid expansion by objective standards. Huge, awesome continent. New race. New class. Tons of new dungeons &amp; 3 huge raids in the first tier.

People just were mad about pandas."
"Yeah, which is a shame because not only was Pandaria absolutely beautiful, Panderan existed all the way back in WC3"
"Both parties probably haven't come to an understanding price-wise. 

That seems like the only probable reason, since despite what GMG claims, I couldn't find a single online retailer that *doesn't* sell W3. "
"its success lies where players that play FPS's have never heard of a skinners box or played an MMO, this is a 'new' experience for them and has got them hooked. There are a lot of people still playing that game. "
"Burning Crusade was always my favorite WoW expansion, good to see there's a pretty strong basis for thinking so. I haven't played now since early Cata, but my fondest memories have always been of TBC era."
"This shit is blowing my mind how much people are misinterpreting this. CDPR isn't saying that they want to double dip and get paid for the GMG keys, they're saying that since GMG didn't pay CDPR for them they can't verify where they came from or if they are even legit.

It's not complicated."
"It seems to me that retailers approved by CDPR are likely contractually bound to not sell their keys to unapproved retailers. I mean, why even bother only having approved retailers if those retailers can turn around and sell to anybody? Given how closely managed distribution channels usually are, it seems that CDPR would want some legal basis to dictate who gets to sell their product. So GMG probably doesn't want to share whoever sold them the keys to keep them from legal trouble. But perhaps I'm wrong, it seems like CDPR can probably figure out where the keys came from eventually, so it would seem oddly risky to sell to GMG if it's a violation of your contract. 

Also, I'd say it's extremely likely that CDPR didn't want to work with GMG because of pricing. Since I believe GMG is undercutting even GOG's full loyalty discount for owning both previous games, it's not hard to think that CDPR wouldn't be a fan of that. 

"
"do you mean the smart scope from Halo 5? I'm talking about the hipfire style, like how the assault rifle in Halo CE is used. "
This right here is why I always keep GUILD WARS 2  updated. I can play it for 29 minutes then  leave it for a few months without care. GUILD WARS 2 shows that if you put a gate around your game less people will visit
Hopefully the HMB will cut down on power consumption and heat output dramatically. And provide nVidia some much needed kick in the pants re: competition.
Few games have come close to giving me the sense of wonder and proportion that BC did. Haven't been able to play WoW since cuz I feel like none of expacs live up to how new BC felt.
"Ok, way too much drama over this. I'll just wait until this all blows over (and the game comes out for Linux) before grabing it from a sale somewhere like the peasant that I am."
the way they are refusing to reveal their source might also mean that the supplier is violating their contract with the publisher Re: retail only.
The classic battlefronts didn't have iron sights so they've not removed it they've stayed true to classic game here. Which is a good thing.
"The article says HBM was proposed as early as 2011. And how are you playing catchup when you're the first to release a product?

A shame they didn't manage to combine it with a 14nm production."
"So I will explain how this works for everyone and what is going on here, with a basic and obviously unrealistic but simplified example. When you purchase CD keys from CDP/GOG as a wholesaler, you negotiate a wholesale price and terms for distribution. If you wanted to purchase 1 million keys, CDP/GOG would negotiate terms with you wherein you would acquire some ridiculous wholesale price of say $20 per unit, meaning CDP/GOG would be getting $20 per unit. If you then turned around and sold it for $40 per unit, you would make a 100% margin on your investment and undercut CDP/GOG by $20, ensuring you would sell as many keys as possible. Sounds Great! However this would undercut CDP/GOG so significantly, instead of getting $60 per key at their store, everyone would be picking it up for $40 elsewhere, with only $20 going to CDP/GOG and $20 to the wholesaler, who did nothing and is turning over a 100% profit margin, while CDP/GOG had to produce the game, so $20 per key instead of $60 per key would reduce their sales volume and return on investment for producing the content to the point of being a serious financial problem. For this type of product, whoever sells it the cheapest online, will sell all of their keys, most likely. So the thing that happens when you purchase keys wholesale, when you want to purchase  your 1 million keys for $20, CDP/GOG will negotiate in their terms you cannot resell the key at lower than their own retail price, so you cannot undercut them, GMG probably didn't want to agree to those terms, as they would find it difficult to move any significant volume if they cannot sell at a reduced retail price. So if you are GMG, lets go get a better price. So what will happen is that another wholesaler will purchased the 1 million keys for $20 and agreed to the retail terms (which would have wholesale terms as well) but turned around and quietly sold them to GMG for undisclosed price, say $25. So the Shady reseller is buying and selling, pre-release and making a 25% margin for doing nothing with no risk. Tempting. Now GMG can sell the keys for $40, undercutting CDP/GOG, which of course CDP/GOG are openly going to discredit because yes, some third party reseller (lets say from Russia) purchased some volume of keys, perhaps even at request from GMG (but probably not) and violated the terms, however CDP/GOG would have no recourse legally against GMG as they would not be required to disclose their source or terms (but CDP would be able to tell anyway from the keys) and CDP/GOG would probably have a hard time prosecuting some (lets say) Russian key wholesaler outside of banning keys. Which is the fear here for you guys, but this would simply irritate users and recover none of the money lost in the process as these people would be unlikely to purchase it again at a higher price from CDP/GOG after their original key was banned. Banning keys is not something CDP/GOG is likely to do either, because you only hurt the consumers, but they are probably correct in that they are illegally obtained, in a sense. GMG would be doing nothing illegal trading with some Russia key wholesaler under whatever terms they like. The shady wholesaler is the company violating the terms from CDP/GOG, but they probably trade in a region where legally they are unlikely or unable to suffer any recourse other than the inability to purchase from CDP/GOG again in the same way, and it's probably a pop up shop anyway. But this is probably how most of the online key reselling game works, skating close to the legal limit making obviously much smaller margins in much smaller quantities leveraging currency conversion and gambling mostly on sales volume. GMG is doing business; getting the best margin and providing the best price, I have no problems there. CDP/GOG is defending it's bottom line so wholesalers/resellers can't udnercut them, I have no problems with that either. If you were worried about banned keys, CDP/GOG isn't the company to do it to you and they get nothing out of it, so I wouldnt worry too much. But then CDP don't really care if you pirate the game, so go ahead do that or buy it at GOG. So while GMG go on about offering a better price, you would probably be better off pirating it rather than supporting a market of middle men who take money off everyone by simply ""doing business man stuff"", which is really what advocating piracy, DRM free and voluntary purchasing is all about trying to get rid of, which is where CDP is coming from, IMO anyway. So yeah, that's why you are seeing such a harsh response from CDP, its not to consumers, its to middle men, which everyone hates pirates and legit purchases alike. "
"I joined during TBC and it just felt majestic, but I felt excluded from the raids because our guild only barely managed to get ZA halfway. So I could only ever raid Kara which was beautiful. 

I loved Wrath for its beautiful landscapes and its dungeons and raids. Naxx was amazing, the dungeon heroics were brutally hard (Gundrak snake boss just felt impossible. not just something you could faceroll through with fresh lvl80s) and it took forever for us to get our players good enough to clear them. 

wintergrasp was annoying but the raid was just the coolest. Its the first time you were really exposed to pugs for raids and it was always a mad rush to get into a group to kill archie and his bros. "
"&gt; Twitter wants to control their platform. ""For your safety""
&gt; 
&gt; It's probably not the games that bother them, but the underlying technology and what it allows.
&gt; 
&gt; It would be super easy to spread a virus or other harmful program via Twitter if the technology allowed for it.

No, you can still embed arbitrary scripting content in Twitter cards. This is [by design](https://dev.twitter.com/cards/types/player). The barriers [are not technological, but based on the terms of use](https://dev.twitter.com/cards/types/player#What_the_approval_team_looks_for) and on what Twitter wants their stuff to be.

&gt; The other reason is that it's also easy to inject a competitive product into Twitter that might hurt their business.
&gt; 
&gt; MySpace used to block for the same basic reasons. 

This is probably much closer to the truth."
"Very much disagree. The original is maybe not all that interesting to play anymore, but Return to Castle Wolfenstein is great, Wolfenstein 09 was solid if unremarkable and The New Order is obviously extremely good.

Overall a surprisingly consistent franchise."
"Oh wow big surprise. If you flat-out remove roughly half of each class's abilities to simplify things, and then start charging $15 per month to play one raid and a facebook game people eventually catch on and stop wasting money. Who'da thunk it."
"Ans vanilla offered the most excellent gameplay I have ever experienced in an MMO atmosphere. Call me less experienced, but I will always think about Vanilla and wish I still had that time. It was the best time of my gaming life and I will miss it forever."
"&gt; only those who are really into realistic driving simulators may flock towards Project Cars

I think that's the important part there for the 6/10 review. As the reviewer said, it's not one for the mainstream casual racers, but it seems that if you want more of a simulation then it's the one for you. I didn't plan on getting it myself but I hope after the delays it's as good as people expected. "
Yeah it seems to be scored on market appeal rather that objective quality for the target market. I'm curious to see what folks with more racing sim knowledge have to say about it since that seems to be the intended audience.
"Yeah, imagine Bloodborne was reviewed the same way, or all of them way back to Demon's Souls really. "
"If you don't have a controller or a wheel I wouldn't play any racing game, simulator or not.  It would be like playing an fps with no mouse."
"The thing is though, Ashran is optional. Whereas garrisons are required for leveling and progressing to level 100."
"Seriously, I do not understand this. I've only played one MMO and only did so last year, but the PVP gearing system always rubbed me the wrong way. Coming from Dota where everyone starts a match equal... the idea that PVP can be in any way competitive when gear makes such a huge difference and takes ages to grind is absolutely insane to me. I'm supposed to just get facerolled for a few weeks by people who have a huge advantage so that I can eventually be on a level playing field? Really??

I remember voicing this in PVP chat and getting dogpiled on. I just don't understand... if you're actually there for PVP then surely you want a relatively even match? Everyone starting on the same footing should be a good thing, right? Skill being the only differentiator, isn't that the *whole point of PVP*, to show your skill against other people? But apparently not, ""fucking casuals just want everything for free"", ""why shouldn't you have to work for it"".

Sorry for the rant here, this is just something I've wanted to get off my chest for a while."
Sort of.  It's more QTE driven than most of their recent output(I'm assuming you mean Walking Dead and onward Telltale).  The PC port takes Kinect inputs and translates them into mouse gestures(I played the D4 PC port for 20ish minutes at PAX East).
"It looks more like it's scored on a personal response to the game, which is a totally valid way to approach reviewing something, quality is subjective not objective after all. It's only a good thing to have something reviewed by as many different viewpoints and people as possible."
Dear lord... There is no distance I would be unwilling to travel if I was able to ride on a life size Rainbow Road. 
Assassins Creed 4 came pretty close but that was more about pirates than the specific sailing I guess.
I spent a few hours on it last night and i don't think that review is fair. The game is sim but there's so many gameplay options you can alter it can go from a light version of Forza to a full blown sim. 
"Maybe not quite what you're looking for but there is a game called sunless sea:

http://store.steampowered.com/app/304650/

Also, Legend of Zelda: the Wind Waker had a lot of sailing, and there was a Wii game with marine wild life in it.  There probably hasn't been one because it's hard to make that kind of game with procedural content not be boring."
"&gt;do it successfully

You know why there is no cross-play in FPS games (CoD, BF, Titanfall etc)? Because keyboard+mouse users would absolutely destroy console players. And those shooters are very casual. In competitive games (CS, UT, QL) it would be just one-sided massacre."
And even after 100. You get high maul and brf caches. Tokens. Gold. Trade skills. And so on. Garrisons are the main focus of the game which fucking sucks. 
"Cool thing also is that you won't be too behind in gear. If you had top tier in the start, it will still be really good later. Skill based combat is an awesome idea too."
It's because reviewers are filthy casuals. Talking about mainstream appeal and shit like that. They're completely missing the point.
But it has to have all rainbow-road music tracks while waiting in line so everyone's nostalgia is fed.
"Yep he's pretty much a dick, argues with everyone and frequently hires and fires people. There's some videos of him raging in live races at people. He had a huge argument with the guy he founded the channel with who then left, I try to avoid his channel."
"I really hope for a decent port. Doesn't even have to be a ""good"" port, but please be at least decent. Deadly Premonition's PC port is definitely the worst port I've ever seen. Rising Star couldn't have made a shittier port, even if they tried."
"This game has the sailing and exploration you want - http://store.steampowered.com/app/327860/

No weather, though."
I feel like an idiot for thinking Nintendo was going to make a Universal Studios game. Completely misinterpreting the title of the thread...
"This makes so much sense because nowadays, adults who are having children have grown up with Nintendo (and Sega) and that childhood memory might even trump Disney for many.

So this should be fun for the parents that can look forward to going to these parks as well as going for their children.

I just worry about Universal theme parks because they are already mega-popular as-is, and I can only imagine Nintendo attractions making the overcrowding problem even worse. So I hope they are planning to appropriately expand their parks or shuffle around the attractions accordingly.

Fun Fact: Universal Studios sued Nintendo in 1983 due to Donkey Kong sounding too similar to King Kong.
"
This is your daily reminder that Hotline Miami did not invent the 1980s nor did it invent synthwave music.
"One thing about this is that the *rumors* about the 300 series line up indicate that the 390 is the only big new design, and the rest of the line up are rebrands, i.e. the 380 is the ~~290~~ 285, etc. (edit: according to [anandtech](http://www.anandtech.com/show/9241/amd-announces-oem-desktop-radeon-300-series), the 380 is the 285)

Although I'd love to see a nice new chip used everywhere, I can appreciate why they'd do this - AMD is not swimming in cash, and these chips are on the same manufacturing process, 28nm, so they'd be designing and manfacturing new chips for market segments they already have products for. If they only make the 390 new, they're only putting their efforts towards the new part of the market. 

It would be when they move to 14nm that they redesign the whole range."
"Project CARS is a racing simulator by genre. It's *NOT* OK to treat it as an arcade racer. It's like giving Football Manager bad scores for being a management sim rather than being an actual football game. It's simply unjust. The only thing reviewers accomplish by doing this is ruin the reputation of the game. If reviewers can't tell a difference between two completely different genres, I don't know what to say."
"PCGamer just did an article about this game: http://www.navalaction.com/
The youtube vids look great. The plan is for an open world, but is not really the survival type thing you may be after but it does have a very realistic sailing model."
"The AI has a slider so you can tailor it's level to you exactly as you want, struggling with a car class? Turn it down and make the races more competitive.

You can also alter the length of any career event so if you want to go in for a short racing experience like Forza offers, do a quick 3 lap race or go for the full experience if you have the time.

There's a ton of handling options like anti lock braking as you'd expect but you can also turn on fuel wear, tyre wear, full damage and even mechanical failures if you wish, or you can pick and choose which ones you want. There's also the recommended racing line line Forza has to help you get used to the tracks.

I'm really impressed with the options it gives you, there's a ton of tracks, the car list is a little bit shallow but still good. I feel like this IP has the potential to become the big name in racing games."
"Awesome! 

Some ideas: 

* a life-size Peach's Castle from Mario 64 with restaurants or shops in the rooms of the paintings

* a life-size Starfox simulator 

* some sorts of themed real life minigames (they'll do that for sure)

* include an individual pokemon at every stand as a price so you can catch them all (I know, that's evil)

* real life Splatoon with modified paintball weapons

* kart racing tracks that resemble classic tracks from you know what

* a Fatal Frame themed haunted house with AR stuff and equipment for your personal heart attack

* Donkey Kong in a frozen banana stand



There is just so much you could do!!! ^^^but ^^^they ^^^won't"
"It's basically what you'd get if Telltale were a Japanese company with a very unique, strange sense of humor."
"Same. I quit WoW for GW2 and I just love how I can come and go from GW2 when I feel like it. No pressure to keep your gear updated or try to spend time online to justify monthly fees.

Coincidentally, this model actually makes me play the game regularly because I know my characters and my progress will stay relevant regardless of new updates or me taking breaks."
"What most likely happened is that GMG tried to lowball them and CDPR said ""No we won't sell you this low"". 

So GMG went off and bought the keys from Brazil/Russia/Ukraine where the games are sold for insanely cheap due to low income there.

Because CDPR is unwilling to region-lock anything that's not on steam they will get screwed over retailers who in other turn will screw players in low income countries by forcing CDPR to release Cyberpunk 2077 at much higher price in poor countries so that scumbags don't abuse their goodwill.

Good job GMG."
"TL;DR A new bill proposed in Australia may soon pass putting a 10% tax on digital goods including Steam, Netflix, eBooks and much more."
"http://www.news.com.au/finance/money/government-backdown-on-online-shopping-tax/story-fnagkbpv-1227334277719

It's not going ahead."
"Are you sure? I read it's coming back.

http://www.gizmodo.com.au/2015/05/dont-look-now-but-australias-netflix-tax-is-back/"
"If all those rides &amp; attractions you suggested were included and more, I'd rather Nintendo just made their own theme park altogether. They've done it before with Pokemon after all."
"Will the next version be HyperSpeed USB 4?

And the next one? UltraSpeed USB 5?

Damn we are running out of Street Fighter prefixes."
"From that Tweet, I would rather think it's about a nintendo attraction at a Universal Studios themepark, maybe the one in Osaka."
because actual literal sailing is boring. you remember how critically well regarded the living world of red dead is? imagine taking away all of the living aspects of that and just have vast expanses of light blue and green blue and then your character dies of scurvy
"Funny thing is, PCars has a mixed reception amongst racing sim players since they think the physics feels a bit arcade-y. Most of them favored Assetto Corsa, rF2 and iRacing. So ironically, 6/10 might an accurate rating."
"You might want to try ""Sid Meier's Pirates!"" (2004) - http://store.steampowered.com/app/3920. Found it really enjoyable back in the days, its a remake of the old version created in 1987. Whilst it might not have the kind of immersion AC4 had, and truthfully, at this time I cant even remember if the game had weather effects - its a very decent game that will let you manage your own crew, ship, rations, tradeable resources, explore, quest, trade, whatever you'd like. I highly recommend the 1994 version ""Pirates! Gold"" as well."
"I find it somewhat baffling that when these articles come up, everyone talks about AMD's GPUs like they're way behind Nvidia's right now. If you're shopping based solely on power consumption, then, yeah, Nvidia is winning right now (although if you go back a few years it was completely flip-flopped, with Nvidia GPUs generally being more power hungry). However, I'm not convinced that many gamers shop for a GPU based on power consumption. I would guess that far more gamers shop based on price / performance ratio, or possibly even just performance. In either case, AMD is competitive.

And just to make sure I'm not highly confused, I checked the Tom's Hardward [""Best Graphics Cards for the Money""](http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/gaming-graphics-card-review,3107.html) guide, and, sure enough, they recommend AMD cards for a number of the price ranges, from $115 up to $330.

Don't get me wrong -- I love seeing the back-and-forth competition between Nvidia and AMD. I just don't understand why people are talking about AMD's GPUs like they need some miracle to be competitive again. They've been competitive all along."
"Eh as expected. It's hitting all the marks for me as a Simulation Racing nut,  but the casuals may be slightly underwhelmed by the car selection and the lack of progression in the game. 

No matter what this is the racing game I have been asking for for a long time. "
"This is Alien Isolation all over again, reviewers are completely missing the point that these games aren't for casuals."
"Was too much about Assassins.

Honestly, I think Ubisoft need to abandon the whole Assassin bullshit. Black Flag could have easily been the best pirate game ever made had it not been held back up a shitty story about aliens and some super meta present day bollocks I couldn't have cared less about if I had even tried."
"I think it is partly because the game doesn't explain itself well in some situation. Not everyone is a racing or motorsports fan where they might not get what's a blue flag or what's the difference between GT3 and GT4. 

It can be quite intimidating for some players,sadly. Once you get over the initial barrier, these games are incredible."
"Yeah own theme park would be great, no time limited things like the anime attractions at Universal these months. I almost considered sneaking a trip to Japan just to go there, but never got around to it..."
"I don't know about recent plans but in 2003 there actually was a PotC game and it was originally supposed to be Sea Dogs 2. It was rushed, buggy and story made no sense.

But engine itself was good and stable and it was also moddable. And [*The Build Mod*](http://www.piratesahoy.net/forums/potc-build-mod.37/) appeared. Trade, sea combat, direct sailing from one island to another if you wanted, build up your own fleet and refit your ships at shipyards.. it was *the* sandbox for me for so many years. 

I have not played in years but Build Mod development is still going strong and there seems to be a [*voting to get GOG.com*](https://www.gog.com/wishlist/games/pirates_of_the_caribbean) to add PotC game to its collection."
"Great news. Considering what a slow burn the Wii U had for the first couple of years this is surprising news.

I guess a lot of this is down to 3DS hardware and software sales in Japan?"
"&gt;* a Fatal Frame themed haunted house with AR stuff and equipment for your personal heart attack

Since it's Nintendo that would be Luigi's Mansion."
"This topic : (http://www.news.com.au/finance/money/government-backdown-on-online-shopping-tax/story-fnagkbpv-1227334277719)
is about physical products you can touch being imported from overseas, it didn't state any where that I could find about digital items i.e.. music/games, so I believe OP still right."
"Since the upgrade is coming to the directx9 version, does that mean it is coming to dark souls 2 vanilla?"
The government is good at sniffing out a golden egg. Not so good at supporting the infrastructure that would make that golden egg grow. Best metaphor tonight. 
"Here's how you could do Mario Kart in real life.  
-Electric Karts 
-Indoor track to control lighting
-Use projectors to project boxes/shells/bananas etc onto track surface
-Use real kart racing timing system to track kart positions
-Button on steering wheels to fire shells and what not
-Computer system to limit kart speed when hit by shell

So basically you drive on an indoor go kart track.  Item boxes are projected onto track surface with overhead projectors.  First get to run over the box gets an item.  When using an item such as shells, a projectors shows it moving on the track surface.  Getting hit by a shell causes temporary slow down, mushroom gives speed boost.  All of this is actually doable in real life :)"
"I believe so, but their prices aren't likely to change, as they are already priced in AU$, with prices equivalent to the retail RRP."
"Yep, it has weather conditions: mainly varying wind speeds and storms. But of course because all the sailing happened in an overhead view it didn't affect you all that much except for making your trips to a certain destination somewhat faster or slower."
"I really think they should make a pirate/sailing spin-off. There would be nobody who would have a problem with it, especially since they've taken out the naval aspects from their new generation of AC games."
"I mean, it makes sense to bring digital goods tax in line with physical goods. But holy shit, publishers are really gonna have to re-evaluate price gouging. As it stands, anyone who buys The Witcher 3 at *$105* AUD would have to be barking mad. It would take an absolute lunatic to pay *$115*. (That's only on Steam by the way, on GOG it's a uhh... slightly more reasonable $90)"
"&gt; all that will happen is a game that is say US$69.95 will become AU$69.95.

You're dreaming. US$60 will be AU$90 like it already is in plenty of other cases."
"I guarantee that is being made. Since Ac4 came out they have hinted at it in several interviews and it just makes sense. Watch Dogs also being a success will help since they will be more confident releasing a new IP. I'd be shocked if we didn't see this Pirate game by E3 2016. I wouldn't be surprised if this e3 they closed their show with it like Watch Dogs,The Division, and Rainbow Six did the last several years. "
"Hmm.


I liked Two World II a bunch. All its ridiculous unbalance and ridiculous spells. It was a lot a fun.

But, that was 2008 or something? I never heard of them after that. So I guess it isn't a surprise "
"Is the update actually released? The website says it will be ""pushing a version and calibrations update in the coming weeks to address a few gameplay enhancements."""
I dunno all that much but I do have a mini-ITX case with an R9 290 and this thing is silent and produces very little heat. It's my first AMD product and I only bought it cuz it was cheap but man I am quite surprised by how great it is so far.
"Interesting if it's true that Amiibos were a large part of their revenue. Personally I find it pretty silly that you have to buy a plastic toy to access parts of games you've bought, but Nintendo fans sure seem to be lapping it up."
[Touhou Patch Center](https://thpatch.net/wiki/Touhou_Patch_Center) is a tool that can download and apply translation patches for multiple languages almost automatically to any Touhou game.
"Not surprising, 2014 was a fantastic year for Nintendo fans with so many great, system seller titles like Mario Kart and SSB. Hopefully it's all uphill from here. "
"My guess is we'll see rides in Universal's Osaka location before we see anything in Florida, but cool nonetheless."
"That's the best part! If I've learned anything from the UK/EU micro transaction debacle they don't have to deal with implementation, all they have to do is speak, vote, sign the bill if they're important, get interviewed and boom the burden of implementing it goes to Valve. "
[This hilarious video shows just how bad and buggy it is.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lofR-R_rFJ0)
"Ahaha, what?! They already shaft the Aussies terribly, what bullshit is this?! You poor sods, is there any way others can help in this situation? "
"To be fair, that game was in development with another developer originally and was only given to Reality Pump to somehow turn into something presentable months before release. And at the same time they supposedly had a lot of their best devs jumping ship to a certain other Polish RPG developer."
Since when does the genre or target audience matter for the review scores? I really don't get some game reviewers these days...
"They aren't *required* to enjoy the game, though.

Jimquisition put it most poignantly: they're the video game equivalent of pogs "
"It's likely to just be in park characters.

Heck even [Crash Bandicoot](http://www.themeparkreview.com/parks/pimages/Universal_Studios_Hollywood/Theme_Park_Reviews_2009_West_Coast_Trip/ush_130.jpg) was at Universal Studios.

Or they'll have some 3DS interactivity like they've had in other places like the Louvre.

http://www.louvre.fr/en/museum-audio-guide

Keep your expectations in check. Making an entirely new theme park is very expensive people."
"If you wanted a official translation, then no, there isn't one. There's only the fanmade patcher I linked. It's certainly a bit disappointing that the western release doesn't feature a official english translation but personally I'd say that it's not gamebreaking since I focus on the gameplay and don't care about the few lines of text inbetween."
"Australia already has a serious piracy problem because of some of the outrageous prices from places like iTunes or Steam.

Adding on a 10% tax on top of the already inflated prices is going to send people to pirate stuff in waves and it's going to damage everyone in the long run."
"Wait a second....is this......is this gonna be like Space RTS from Warhamer 40k universe? 

So hard right now..."
I've played Touhou games before and I personally enjoy the charming dialogue. Different strokes. I play for the gameplay but also the characters. I'm not going to pay $15 for an official western release with no English dialogue option. 
"It's likely not a whole theme park but I have to think it'll be more than just characters, if it was that that wouldn't be newsworthy. The best bet is that Universal would probably designate a themed land (or a couple) at Islands of Adventure  to Nintendo properties.  

Since Disney has the rights to Marvel in the western part of the United States (and presumably also  Japan) it may be possible that they are trying to expand the IOA concept to those locations by using Nintendo branding instead of Marvel. If you have a Harry Potter land, a Doctor Seuss Land and a couple of Nintendo themed lands then suddenly you have about half the park you could export."
"I don't quite understand why it's worth a 6 though. It can be a good game, just not one suited for you.

I feel this is quite biaised."
"There is a difference : amiibo will add some stuff to my game, but not lock me out of it like BF4 premium that prevents me from playing with my friends if I don't pay for game + premium (= 120 euros)...

For the most part amiibos are really nothing more than regular figurines, with a bit of extra fun content. You can live without them entirely and not even think about it.

BF4 without premium on the other hand... that's a very different story."
"This is why I don't like scores in reviews. Most of the low scores are explained as ""niche genre"" issues. Are we grading genres now? The text summary is just fine.

As for the game, does anyone know if the career is similar to the ones in NFS / Grid series? I enjoy simulation racing, but absolutely hate it when it feels like there is no progression / sense of achievement such as in Assetto Corsa."
"Although it doesn't quite meet the description you've written, I think the closest game that I can think of is The Legend of Zelda: Wind Waker. It's by no means realistic - given that it's fantasy - but I adore the open-world sailing to distant islands and encountering sealife that can be both friendly and deadly. A lot of people criticise Wind Waker for its sailing, claiming that it's boring, but I will always beg to differ. It's a wonderful experience."
"It's still got fetch quests and some boring missions of the sort, but you can really tell that they went for ''Fuck it, just make the game fun'' rather than ''We want an authentic zombie experience !''

Though there are some things like the quick weapon degradation that bothered me, the game is just so much fun and doesn't get boring *too* quick though (though I do feel bored after some play sessions but I always feel compelled to come back).

If you enjoy some aspect of dead Island, most notably just beating up hoards of zombies, you'll love Dying light. The running and fluidity of melee combat truly makes it very enjoyable. If you're playing on PC, i also truly recommend getting the mod rather removes the muddy brown filter. The game has very good graphics... but the mud filter kind of ruins the aesthetic."
"Oh wow this is kinda hilarious!  Like, you imagined them doing a Universal themed Roller Coaster Tycoon style game for 3ds or something?  I'd play it.  Hell, if they're partnering with Universal to make Nintendo themed rides, they might as well take the opportunity and try to get the RCT game going as well!"
"AC4 is hardly a sim though. The way it handles sailing is very arcade-y, and there's very little challenge to actually traversing the seas outside of some battles. "
"Really? As a fan of the series, I feel there was too much pirate and not enough assassain. 

Regardless, I do dream of a pure sailing simulator"
"Currently (without the discount) it is $83.99 USD which is $105.62 AUD

Most people don't look at the USD bit and assume its in AUD "
"That childhood memory certainly trumps Disney for me. I was born in 1984, and have probably been playing Nintendo since like 86-87. I grew up with the Video game industry."
"I really, really want to hear some more details. They're teaming up with Universal who created the Wizarding World of Harry Potter which is, from everything I hear, an absolutely amazing place for Harry Potter fans. My wife just went with her best friend and I'm more than a little jealous she got to go without me. I'm hoping whatever Nintendo and Universal come up with is just as creative and awesome!"
"&gt; I mean, it makes sense to bring digital goods tax in line with physical goods.

Well, in generally you'd be right. There should be consistency in the way the law is applied.

But we don't just have a tax on physical goods. We have a tax on physical goods sold *within* the country. Steam counts as imported goods because they're being sold from outside the country. Because it's an import, the importation taxation laws apply, and those laws do not require taxation on transactions of less than 1,000AUD value."
"It's a standalone expansion that's a third of the price of the original reboot (?), this isn't going to be one of those heavily advertised and refined titles, and as a result expect it to be more gameplay driven than story driven (unlike TNO)

The main difference is the story, Old Blood feels very much like a cheesy action or horror flick as it's supposed to, and focuses heavily on cliche nazis and the old setting of Wolfenstein whilst The New Order is somewhat similar, it tried to be story driven and focused a lot on quiet plot development and setting/world introduction (I personally love alternative history). The Old Blood can only be a short gameplay driven game because of what it aims to be, so it's reasonable that they moved away from the story driven experience to one that's more dense in gameplay and disorganized violence.

And I like it, The New Order tried *pushing* on that reboot aspect and completely redevelop the world of Wolfenstein, The Old Blood is just the New Order that's been broken down into its core gameplay aspects and then has everything else replaced by the old Wolfenstein throwbacks and feeling like an old movie. If I wanted a good story based game I would have preferred that this becomes a story driven, proper AAA game that has lots of time to develop the story and setting rather than just use 5 hours to squeeze everything in, I just wanted to shoot up some nazis again and that's what I got. You want a good story driven game with that heavily developed setting of TNO ? Wait for the next ***flagship*** Wolfenstein game.

TL;DR People criticizing the game saying that it's not like TNO are completely forgetting that this is a deliberate difference because it's ***a 20 dollar game***. The main difference to me is that The Old Blood has a more cliche kind of nazis and didn't go as far as to develop this entire new world, the magic is lost, but we still get that awesome gameplay from the previous title. 

Short TL;DR: This title wasn't as focused on developing a setting or story, it's deliberate because it's short, so we don't get that magic of a properly developed world.

You didn't give a bad question OP, there's a clear difference between both titles and your question opens a discussion for how well built the world of New Order was, but you just forgot that this is a small, 20$ game, that wants to do a throwback to the titles before TNO and stick with the simpler and cliche setting, you shouldn't be expecting anything grandiose out of it."
"Haven't touched it since beating it a little after release, but the best part is when you unlock the grappling hook and some powerful melee. The game becomes a mixture of Just Cause and Mirrors Edge, wacky and outrageous fun !!! 

Probably wasted more time just ""flying"" through the city even at night, one of the funniest perks (or bug) was that if grappling to the floor right before a large fall, there is no damage (when it works). 

Bugs aside, the game is fun despite the slow start."
"Nostalgia will only take you so far (about as far as Omega Ruby/Alpha Sapphire sales, perhaps...), the fact is Nintendo had a strong software year with Mario Kart 8 (kept alive with its DLC packs) and Super Smash Bros, as well as the runaway success of Amiibo, which itself has more to do with character/brand recognition than pure nostalgia. "
"The best way I can describe it is being the game Dead Island should have been, it feels like the devs got to make a game they really wanted to make and put a lot of love into it as a result. It's got flaws - ropey writing and a predictable story for instance - but overall I enjoyed the 70 hours I put in. It's got really  well designed open world maps with tons of interiors, some decent survival horror-esque sections and visceral melee combat with a large variety of weapons. Night is done very well too, it's pitch black and pretty scary at low levels when you get wrecked by volatiles. I also liked the side quests, quarantine zones and challenges, unlike a lot of open world games I actually wanted to complete them.  
Overall I think it's one of the better zombie games out there, not GOTY material but definitely worth playing."
"I have the Sapphire Tri X 290, and it runs surprisingly quietly. I was expecting a jet engine from the way people on the PC hardware subreddits talked about it haha. I'd say it's about as loud as my old 770, unless I turn up the fan speed manually in MSI afterburner. "
"&gt;  290 is NOT fucking silent

If you're bought the reference design, sure. Both the XFX 290 Double Dissipation and Sapphire tri/vapor-X are known for being pretty quiet all things considered."
"No, expenses decreased less than revenue (-77m ¥ total revenue 3DS, +46m ¥ total revenue Wii U, -9m ¥ revenue from other products). There was no net increase in sales."
"You could argue that one of the main reasons those series' do so well is nostalgia and recognition of characters like Mario, link, etc."
"Nintendo has stayed close to 5 year cycles unlike sony and Microsoft.    I predict the new DS will be released in 2017 and the new Wii in 2018.

Edit: possibly they will ditch consoles and just make handhelds.  If they do that I hope they make a larger more powerful tablet sized system similar to the wii u game pad.  And hdmi out its a handheld and a console :) so my friends can play with me."
"Touhou has been indie since before indie was a word.  Though in Japan it is called Dōjin soft.  Every single game is made by the same studio, Team Shanghai Alice, who is just run by one person ZUN.  He has done everything from the ground up from music, art, programming, whatever.  I mean his first game was in 1996 which is coming up on twenty year anniversary.

As for the popularity, it is a bullet hell game which basically attracts the same crowd as Dark Souls people.  Very ""Japan difficult"" games that have cute anime girls in it who people then make other fan stuff about.  Usually art books and manga.  It has been around since basically before the internet was super popular and kept being around with yearly releases.  So imagine if that game you played your older cousin gave you on your first computer and gave you all the warm first game feelings had a release every year.  By the same developer who wouldn't add in &lt;blank&gt; because he thought it would sell better but just did his own thing.

As for the story, uh, armpit magical girls?  I dunno man it is a weird jap game."
"I rarely think anything about user reviews, especially Steam reviews. Despite measures taken to improve their quality, they're somehow worse than Metacritic.  "
"&gt;  Every single game is made by the same studio, Team Shanghai Alice

The fighting games are done with another team, and he brought in another artist for fairy wars' character art.

"
"[""Nintendo not making a new park, but seemingly an area dedicated to Nintendo characters in existing Universal Studio parks.""](https://twitter.com/mochi_wsj/status/596225968915677184)"
"I try to avoid the hate train reviews that pop up when shit like this goes down. Though, I have been running into far fewer cheaters/glitchers these past 2 weeks than ever. The cheating/glitching was insane on PS3 and it is nice to see them get the ban hammer. Sorry to anyone who was using single player mods that got banned, but sometimes shit happens when you party naked."
I think that's less to do with nostalgia and more to do with them being an already established brand. Customers have a pretty good idea of what they're getting. I guess there's some overlap between these two concepts but I think it'd be wrong to call it nostalgia.
"Yeah. I feel sometimes games and movies should have 2 reviews: overall quality, and personal enjoyment. I can easily say that Bloodborne is a good game and incredibly well made, but personally I don't find it that entertaining an experience based on the gameplay. If I was a reviewer, why would I then give it like a 7 or 6/10 because I didn't enjoy it that much. I should be rating the game as it's meant to be played and then rate or share my opinion of it in terms of enjoyment as well. 

"
"You can't attribute higher game prices in Australia strictly to minimum wage, nor can you attribute it to median wage, or purchasing power parity (PPP). There's a range of factors involved that determine what publishers set their game prices at, the above included, but other factors alongside them such as exchange rates or simply what price Australians are willing to pay.

Some issues below which cannot be adequately answered by the minimum wage argument:

* Why Australian PS4 &amp; Xbox One games are more expensive than their Wii U or even PC counterparts ($AU100 for the former, $AU80 for the latter), yet are all $US60 in the US.
* Why Wii U games are $AU80 on release while their predecessor's Wii games were $AU100.
* Why 3DS game prices dropped 2 years ago from $AU70 to $AU60.
"
That game had such little assassin stuff I don't how you can make that argument. Literally just beginning and end involved assassin stuff. The bulk of it was just being a pirate.
"The greatest part about vanilla was that everything felt like an accomplishment. People would congratulate you for gaining a single level and completing low level instances without wiping was an impressive feat. Now everything is so streamlined and watered down that the entire leveling process feels like an annoying side quest with no sense of community and once you reach max level all that's left is to collect a bunch of useless trinkets with groups of strangers.


It used to be that during the course of completing instances you would meet people, add them to friends lists, get invited to guilds, etc. Now the game feels like I'm playing Destiny."
"Which Rainbow Road theme are you referring to? I think the average reddit user has a soft spot for the Mario Kart 64 theme, but I could be wrong.

The SNES theme on the other hand gets
me teary eyed just thinking of the euphoria I had on that track as a child. Those were the golden years.."
"Amiibo does lock you out of stuff though... sometimes forever depending on supply, too.

You're putting a very weird spin on this. You use BF4 Premium as a counter example when you can say the same thing: Premium is just adding stuff to the game, not locking you out of stuff that's already there. You can live without it (and even if you have it you'll probably be playing on original maps anyway because the player count on the new stuff sucks).

Amiibo right now is just day-1 DLC with no alternative access aside from a figure. It's *very* annoying seeing skins in Mario Kart that I literally have no access to unless I pay someone like $70 for a Rosalina figure..."
"ZUN has stated that he liked Steam, but he said that probably won't be releasing the games on there yet due to difficulty of getting on steam and the language barrier (also it would actually have to be translated, Touhou 14 on Playism is still completely in japanese)"
"By and large for Steam prices, Valve/the developers swallow VAT.

For instance, GTA V is almost exactly the same price in the USA as it is in the UK. The same applies for Killing Floor 2. The other games on Steam's Top Sellers chart are between 5 and 10% more expensive in the UK than they are in the USA."
"The worst thing about this whole fiasco is that GMG seemingly broke their own assurance and guarantee, and what effectively makes them stand out from shady sites like G2A, Kinguin et al. I also wonder what made them back down...was it consumer backlash, was it cause CDPR threatened to revoke the keys, was it because they wanted to protect their supplier...guess we may find out soon enough, or we may never. 

&gt; It’s important to us that our customers **trust us to provide them with official, publisher-endorsed games at competitive prices**. Being official means that our customers have the reassurance that our dedicated Customer Service team can sort out any issues they might have directly with the publisher, that purchased games will work, and importantly, that the correct version of a game will activate in a customer’s region as it is supplied by direct from the publisher.

http://www.greenmangaming.com/about/"
"GMG has always been good to me and doesn't in any way look shady. So after reading what both sides had to say on the issue, I went ahead and bought it at GMG. Saved myself a cool 20 bucks. I knew that deal wouldn't last long with the scandal and all."
"https://thpatch.net/wiki/Touhou_Patch_Center

Just look at the page instead, it states Touhou 14 has been translated into 7 languages already, and a lot of other languages which are still wip."
"&gt; everyone talks about AMD's GPUs like they're way behind Nvidia's right now

Fanboys. AMD has been giving the same performance for roughly $50 less for at least a few years now."
"I like Jim, but this is just a simple case of ""I like Nintendo toys so I'll give the practice a pass."" There is not a whole lot of difference between Amiibo and games launching with minor things like weapon packs, small exclusive modes, and skins, yet Nintendo seems to get a pass despite their version being more expensive and sometimes impossible to obtain. 

Now I like the figures, and I own a lot of them, but let's call a spade a spade. It's the same thing people on /r/games always complain about just in a different format, and you do get the figure but it's a double-edged sword because your access to digital content you want is limited by supply of the toys (which are piss poor). People complain about $4 skins in things like fighting games, but here we are with what amounts to a Rosalina Mario Kart skin that is really only obtainable for $60+."
They don't have any of the knowledge though. Universal already does and Universal is already a destination for tourism. It's a good fit IMO. 
GMG and CDPR really need to work out whatever issue they're having because it's causing a lot of bad publicity for both of them and customers have been caught in the middle of the mess.
Nostalgia would apply to replaying old games. The continued success of these franchises is more brand recognition than anything else. More akin to how Halo is always successful or the Call of Duty franchise. 
"Same with Windwaker.  It was the exploration of the islands that made it fun, not so much the literal act of moving across large expanses of water."
"As to *why* it's so big, it's a bit of a mystery. The best guess is that it had good character design but horrid art, allowing fan artists to re-imagine the characters, very limited character definition so that while people have a vauge idea of someone's personality the fandom is left to fill holes and generally good music allowing for fan-remixes. 

This mass of fan content was encouraged by ZUN(the creator) as he gave fans free reign to use his characters and setting in fan works that they could even sell, as is normal in dojinshi culture and eventually reached the point where the series was filling it's own conventions with fans and fan-works of all kinds including dozens of fangames, hundreds of remixes and tens of thousands of fan-comics and images. Once it got that big there was something a positive feedback loop where the crazy-large fandom attracts more fans.

The setting itself is something of a Japanese fantasy kitchen sink containing all kinds of mythological creatures, often with ZUN's(and the fandoms) spin on them and is very flexible in tone thanks to the overall vaugeness around just how dangerous it is. At the same time it allows for dozens of high-powered characters to fight and interact without any collateral or messy deaths..... unless a particular fanwork writes it that way. 

How the fandom *started* and reached this critical mass however is uncertain, and is a genuine mystery."
While giving tax concessions to the wealthy. Somehow it looks like this GST increase is just to shift the tax burden back onto the lower class.
"Dying Light caught me by surprise - I didn't like Dead Island and I'm generally more of a STALKER guy than Borderlands guy so this game wasn't on my radar in any way, but I ended up getting it anyway out of a moment's temptation.  
The game oozes atmosphere and unlike with Dead Island, I enjoyed doing the fairly simple, but fun side missions since they gave the characters involved some personality and the game felt less of an experience point-grind.  

All in all the game left me a good taste after a rocky start. It's funny considering that it was the first game that made me google for ""steam refund"" since it ran so bad. I purchased the game when many reported the performance problems plaguing the game were fixed with a couple of patches they had put out some weeks after the initial release, but not for me and many others, it turned out.  
Eventually they did release an almighty patch that fixed all the performance issues I had, so props to Techland for that. Shame I had already finished the game by then.

I think it's a solid four star game and an excellent purchase now that the price has gone down. I plan on playing the NG+ mode at some point and checking out what else is new in the patch they put out(the itemization/weaponization could've been more interesting when I played the game, heard they worked on it)  
"
"You're still breaking Nuuvem's TOS by doing this, if that's something people care about. I suggest people just support this awesome company and get it from GOG. "
"I think this point's getting overlooked. If GMG advertises one thing (not selling grey-sourced keys) and then goes and does another thing (selling grey-sourced keys), and they do it to boost business, then they're treading into deceptive business practices territory.

I imagine there were some strongly worded letters from legal departments that were sent. Tends to remind people of their obligations."
"On small games, it can be a good indication. In big release, it's not really, especially if a lot of news are revolving around the game."
"&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; Fun Fact: Universal Studios sued Nintendo in 1983 due to Donkey Kong sounding too similar to King Kong.

Yep! And Howard Lincoln, NOA's chairman emeritus, had his first involvement with the company because he defended them in the trial. "
"Is this for using the FOV mod? Because it sounds like they're doing this because it modifies in-game memory, not just because it's a mod. 

In saying that, the devs really should have increased the max FOV."
How does it compare to Assetto Corsa? (driving handling &amp; content) (i'm on the verge of buying it.)
"Yeah, this is what I am expecting. In Florida, for example, there is the ""Islands of Adventure"" park that includes Harry Potter's World, Jurassic Park, a Marvel Comics land that was built before Disney bought Marvel and thus there isn't any Marvel stuff at Disneyworld although there is some at Disneyland because there was a loophole in the contract, a Doctor Seuss-land, etc. I'm guessing that Nintendo will end up being another ""land"", likely there and in Osaka (thus allowing them to hit their two biggest markets). 

In fact, one thing that I'm wondering: there have been rumors in the past that Disney is trying to buy back the rights to Marvel theme parks in Florida. If that were to happen, Universal would obviously have to close their Marvel portion... which would suddenly leave a ton of empty space that Universal would need to fill. Hmmm..."
"donkey kong-fun expedition through jungle

metroid - scary lab outbreak 4d show with live samus character

zelda- temple of time master sword pull and maze forest dungeon

mario- assisted jumping cables platformer simulator and castle

star fox- 3d reactionary roller coaster/game with headset visor,blaster and barrel roll

luigi mansion-kiddy maze with light and vacuum augmented reality

wii sports arena-where kids can play

link vs ganon live performance show

mario vs bowser show

"
"Isn't it a bit niche to be considered a system seller? I guess it'll be a great game, but that's nowhere near Mario Kart regarding its ability to sell consoles."
"For Pokemon collecting, I was thinking about something more along the lines of Disney's pin trading. Hell, if they want to go full Pokemon style, they could award gym badges for things like beating an arcade machine with a gym leader CPU. You swipe your ""trainer card"" and if you don't have the badge, it will let you battle the leader for a chance to get them."
"&gt; I just don't understand why people are talking about AMD's GPUs like they need some miracle to be competitive again.

It is linked in the article:

&gt;With today’s more official reveal of the Titan X and its massive 12GB framebuffer, Nvidia has now introduced four unanswered graphics cards into the market since AMD’s Radeon 285 in August 2014, and these GPUs have targeted a broad consumer demographic, ranging from the $200 GTX 960 all the way up to the $999 Titan X.

&gt;That’s 8 months without a new desktop GPU product from AMD, nearly an eternity in the tech world. That’s 8 months Nvidia has had to continue eroding AMD’s market share. 8 months to steal away new fans, from the mainstream PC gamer all the way up to the ultra-enthusiast.  [SOURCE](http://www.forbes.com/sites/jasonevangelho/2015/03/17/with-titan-x-nvidia-has-introduced-4-unanswered-gpus/)

FWIW I was using AMD cards the last several years (at least three card buying cycles for me) and I recently bought an Nvidia card in part because of the above.  AMD had me.  AMD lost me and won't get me back for at least three years when I next consider an upgrade.
"
"Reviews are the reviewers opinion of a game or they serve no real purpose at all. If you want a cold breakdown of what a game has over other games, you can get that from sites that deal entirely in number aggregates, like metacritic."
"What, if anything does this mean for people who bought the key from them at the lower price? Is it honored, invalidated, are you going to be charged more?
"
"&gt; Not sure why I'm getting downvoted. Just trying to be helpful.

Because you are linking to keys intended for South America. That's what forces publishers to region lock their games or increase the price to standard $60 in countries with lower income."
"No, they're not bullshiting. They asked GMG what their source was, GMG cold shouldered them. They then truthfully advised customers that they're from an unknown source."
"While they probably assumed that those codes weren't stolen or anything like that, they were telling the truth that they *didn't know what was the source* of them. Less of a bullshitting and more of a hardball thrown at GMG who apparently hoped for CDPR not to make a big deal out of it, if the cancellation of an offer is any indication."
"I would assume they would be honored lest GMG wants to draw the ire of their customers, but I've not pre-ordered it from GMG so I can't say for sure. "
"23% off code, 23OFFH-OLIDAY-WEEKND, works with TW3. Drops price from 59.99 to 46.20, which is in line with platforms like Steam and GOG."
"Except when the ""3rd party"" is the owner, producer and publisher of the produc they're selling. There are plenty of shady ways of getting those keys, like buying nvidia promo codes that are not supposed to be sold. GMG has now increased the price, suggesting that what they're selling yesterday wasn't exactly kosher."
"Yeah I saw it that way too. All they really said was ""They are selling keys but we didn't sell them any. We don't know where they sourced their keys from."" It seemed like CDPR were trying to protect the customers. The keys were likely purchased and resold from another major retailer, but if the keys were obtained from a less than legitimate source and cdpr then rightfully disabled the keys, it would have left the customers out to dry. It would have made CDPR look bad to the customers for doing the right thing. It was better to purchase from an official source to guarantee that wouldn't happen, and that's what they were trying to express."
Star Fox is also coming out later this year. But the delay of zelda took away their biggest 2015 release. 
"This is actually incorrect, IIRC. Howard Lincoln *was* Nintendo's attorney and, despite initially wanting to settle for $6 million, he did make the decision to fight the claims after discovering similar cases where the ""infringer"" had not been sued.

Lincoln, though, did not defend Nintendo in court. He chose **John Kirby**, who had won similar cases for Pepsi Co. and Whole Foods, to defend Nintendo. Kirby won the case by pointing out that Universal Studios had declared King Kong to be in the public domain.

It is rumored that the Nintendo character Kirby was named after John Kirby and his victory.

**TL;DR**: Lincoln made the decision to fight the claims but he chose John Kirby to defend Nintendo in court, where he won."
"Yeah the next year seems a bit empty of their big name-brand titles. I would love to see a new Animal Crossing on the Wii U or a Pikmin for the 3DS, or something else they haven't hit us with in a while"
"Nostalgia isn't the only reason. They keep reinventing the franchises so that subsequent generations can play them. 

Are you putting a WiiU infront of your 8 year olds, or are you giving them PS4 w/ Bloodbourne? Of course its the WiiU, which has games the entire family can enjoy.

And the 3DS dominates the handheld market. 

Yes Apple devices sell like mad, and there's a market there for $0.99 games... but generally speaking, they're HORRIBLE gaming experiences overall. 

Nintendo doesn't need to be Apple. Nintendo needs to be Nintendo. "
Just as a side-note: translating a game isn't a requirement to get on Steam. There are some games on there that are Japanese/Chinese only but feature a big banner that the game isn't in english.
"&gt; GOG

Didn't GOG implemented something for Australians to get back the cost of overpaying in either credit or voucher form? I think this tax might make it harder for them though.

Edit: Not quite what I said but here it is:

&gt; The Fair Price Package applies to all of the titles which we couldn't include in our standard pricing scheme. If you end up paying more for a game than its standard US Dollar price, we'll refund you the difference out of our own pocket. The refunded value will be added to your account in Store Credit in the currency of your purchase.

Source: http://www.gog.com/news/welcome_to_the_fresher_better_gogcom"
"This shows how mainstream reviewers can't really accommodate what's probably a 9/10 sim game because the bar for entry is ""must be a racing enthusiast who enjoys sim games"".

Imagine if they gave, say, Call of Duty a 5.0 because it's a fantastic, fun game that sets the multiplayer standard but docked it because you need to enjoy FPS games to enjoy CoD."
"I'm not so sure about that. Now that Disney owns Marvel, and a large portion of Universals attractions are marvel superheroes in Florida, they might just rebrand that whole area of the park since their contract is up or about to be up. "
"Er, you're off by an order of magnitude or two.  As of last year they had cash reserves of about $10.5 billion:

http://wiiudaily.com/2014/03/nintendo-not-doomed/

I don't know where your 250 billion number comes from, save that it was probably in yen (not dollars) originally.

With that said, even a number in the low billions of dollars is plenty to do whatever they want or need to do for the foreseeable future."
"EDIT: Everything we know about the situation is currently alleged. As /u/Lancex51 points out, this is a ""he-said-she-said"" situation which is exactly why I think this is ridiculous and not something consumers should be dealing with.

They're refusing to supply GMG and doing the *exact* things that they accuse other companies of doing to promote and profit from The Witcher 3. They called out GMG publicly when they advised consumers to not purchase from them and opened up an entire can of worms like this is an argument between children. GMG actually avoided making a scene *at all* about the way CDPR has treated them about the release of TW3, and decided to make a business decision to carry the game through alternative means. And now people are painting it like GMG is selling stolen keys or trying to spite CDPR.

That's part of the issue. There's topics about this on r/games right now, and if you look through the comments, there's loads of people that don't understand what actually happened, or are just reading headlines, or are jumping to conclusions, and there's a lot of conflict about which company is in the wrong. I understand the decisions made by both companies, but this isn't something consumers need to be caught up in."
"Well that's business though. They are not entitled to keys. This is the kind of shit that makes publishers want to implement DRM and region restrictions. I'm also curious to know the legality of this. 

And that is outside the GMG promoting themselves with being fair to the developer. "
"Exactly. He knew Nintendo could win(which is why he chose to fight) but he knew this battle meant Nintendo was becoming a big thing and so, he naturally chose someone with more expertise in the area to secure the victory."
"Does it matter? Clearly publishers don't condone this practice. If people continue to abuse the region pricing, publishers may enforce harsher region-locking. That will suck for everyone."
"From wikipedia

&gt;Watch Dogs was a commercial success, breaking the record for the biggest first day sales of a Ubisoft game, and becoming the biggest launch of a new IP ever in the United Kingdom at the time. Within a week, the game sold over 4 million copies.

And just looking at Amazon, it's pricing is pretty similar to games released around that time"
"Did not know Jonathan Banks was playing Gordon. Good casting, and I like that he's just using his regular voice."
"That is how it's meant to work.
Society creates government, government sets social rules, society complies or changes government.

If a government says ""pay tax on this"" it's not up to them to set up the individual companies taxing methodology but simply to enforce the payment of the tax.   Fact is governments often do support business through the early stages of new regulation, but why would they do so in a ""pay your tax"" situation?   

More relevant is that the steam prices companies set are the same as the retail prices that DO include tax.  "
"Yeah, my little brother is only 15 and loves pokemon and zelda. And my 19 year old sister loves mario. It isn't just the old vanguard who loves nintendo games, they pass on that love to the younger people."
"I think bundling Splatoon will help push systems.  Especially if they do the ""rumored"" buy splatoon get a free game.

Plus, Mario Maker might not sell systems, but it also might depending on all that it comes with.  Star Fox supposedly releasing this year, though not officially announced, that's what people believe.  Plus whatever other games they have yet to announce that they might be releasing this year.  Who knows."
"Thank God.  I've owned this game over a year now and I still haven't played because there's always a massive, game changing new patch just on the horizon.  Now I should just have to wait for the GOTY update and a second patch to balance/bug fix it."
"Well, the year isn't even half over, and they haven't revealed their full 2015 line-up. I think e3 should at least have happened before making statements like this."
"Yes, and their official stance is that they allow them to be posted because there are /r/gamedeals readers in South America.  "
I agree completely. People care more about getting the 'is this review funny' click than the 'is this review helpful' click.
"Then...don't get the skins?  As long as it's not gameplay that's added, it's basically a collectors item. It's like getting mad that stamps or sports cards are rare. "
"Yeah, but that was from the already popular Elder Scrolls franchise, and not an unknown franchise in the west Xeno is."
"I've always seen that the warp is completely unpredictable, from just a black emptiness, to a dark swirling purple, to almost rainbow like colours. "
"&gt;they might just rebrand that whole area of the park since their contract is up or about to be up.

Not sure where this misconception stems from, but their contract isn't about to be up. In fact, the only public knowledge we have is an SEC filing that shows that as long as they keep the Marvel part of the park in business, they'll retain the exclusivity of Marvel rides in that region.

At this point the only way Universal will lose Marvel is if they accept a very fat check from Disney, or decide on their own to shut the rides down."
Mario Party 10 has an entire game mode behind an amiibo wall. That's really pushing the envelope imo.
"Excellent!  I'd stopped playing until this patch came out.  

This is definitely one of the most baffling ""how the hell did this slip past QA?"" moments in recent memory.  You can't even get through most areas without weapons snapping in half."
"Bullshit, Origin/steam/humble bundle and many others sell it,just because CDPR didnt agree to devaluation of their product doesnt make it that they pushed for GOG exclusive title."
"If every other retailer was able to strike up a deal with GOG except for GMG, then it seems to me either (and these are Speculation):

1- Someone needs to find a reason why CDPR would want to smite GMG specifically, and leave other sources open, even lower priced sources like Nuuvem.

2- GMG tried to push too hard in negotiations, they wanted something every other retailer didn't, and GOG refused to. GMG didn't think GOG would go public, so they grabbed some keys, started selling them on the store to show GOG ""We're selling the game whether you like it or not, so you might as well make a deal."". CDPR, being the type of transparent company it has always been, went public and told people they had no idea where those keys came from, rather than going back to negotiate with GMG as I think GMG expected. When GOG went public, GMG then had to go public and it became a big fucking thing.

To me, it just strikes me as a break down of negotiations with both sides expecting the other to behave differently to negotiation tactics."
"Gonna talk about my own, admittedly early experiences, that I think also might explain some of the review scores.

Lets get this out of the way: I love sim racers. I tend to go through phases with them though- I get in deep with them for a month or two, then slowly trail off until around 6 months later where I'm not going in anymore. So what you're gonna get from me aren't ""niche genre"" complaints, but genuine ""this thing has serious problems that can possibly be fixed"" complaints.

So lets get started.

* **This game handles like ass so bad that it makes it nearly impossible to treat it like a simulation, even if it is accurate as hell.** A lot of things come together to produce this problem. Some examples:
  * Default control settings are nowhere near where you need to put them. Often sim racers require some control adjustments, rarely are they so worthless that it can actually completely ruin game handling. This is the latter. **Look up control configurations before you begin.**
  * The game's simulation model leaves a lot to be desired. Simulations, above all, are about consistency- you know that if you take a turn the exact same way 10 times in a row, it should always behave that same way. **You don't get to have that comfort here.** From Kart racing to at least Tier 5 racing, sometimes you'll just lose grip, and you don't really know why. You took the turn the same as you did the previous 10+ times- after all, you spent forever on the Practice time to guarantee. Yet, you'll just completely lose grip and be unable to recover without coming to a point where you're below 5mph, and not really know what you did to prevent it.
  * The above is likely caused by a misunderstanding of why controls in simulations have worked the way they have for the last 15+ years(and as long as I've played sims), as well as a complete mishandling of assist systems. For one, a car will not magically jump the speed of its tire's spin up to match where your throttle is- after all, this is the physical world, it has to work up to that speed. **But here, you're expected to perfectly manage throttle, without the kinds of indications one would receive in the real world, or another games, on what the car is about to do.** This contributes quite a bit to losing grip. Now, if you're already an extremely experienced sim racer, and throttle management is already born into you- this'll work great. But if you're not, or if you take some time to warm up(as it's been awhile since I have been bitten by the sim bug), the game doesn't care about you. It's practically designed to piss you off, instead of give you an authentic experience.

But that's not all. There's also loads of other issues with the game, that would, and should, hurt the score.

* Frankly, there are bugs. Hold your throttle down as your car goes through the automated steps to begin qualifying. Notice how the moment the game gives you manual control, the engine instantaneously is at full RPM, as if it'd worked up to it long before? Howabout the numerous sound issues, that include simply cutting out and being unrecoverable until a game restart? This tends to be associated with doing unexpected things on the track(intentional crashes, running in circles at full throttle), but that isn't an excuse, that's still not okay.
* The UI design is utter, complete, top-to-bottom, unbridled shit. Lets go through why, because I care a lot about UI design, and while it's rarely good, it's rarely this bad, either:
  * Absolutely no mind was paid to consistency.  For example, in Career mode, sometimes when you hit something, it simply changes what tab you're on. Sometimes it changes what screen you're on. Whether it does one or the other doesn't seem to have to do with anything- just wherever the UI designer wanted to stick the button. Why is the Calendar treated like you're going into a new game mode, replacing the entire previous screen? Why is the topmost back button sometimes used to completely exit a mode, and sometimes used as simply a way to go a menu back? Why is a new contract at the opening via a literal contract put in front of me, and hereafter nothing more than an e-mail where I hit the accept button in the top right? Why are some invitations(such as specific events) not accepted, you simply go to them or not? Fuck if I know to any of this.
  * Clear ease-of-use conveniences are completely ignored. You literally have no access to the Options screen while racing. No, I'm not kidding. No, the options screen doesn't carry anything in it about changing car tuning. It's the usual visuals/sound/controls/etc, but you simply can't change it mid-race, mid-practice, mid anything. Why?
  * Good luck seeing a track layout before you start a race. Seriously, they do everything they can to hide it from you.
  * What stage of a race are you about to enter? Fuck if we know! This race has you going into Practice first! This one is Qualifying first! This one has neither! But all the information you get on how it functions is ""Enter"", or ""Skip to Event/Race/etc"". Gaaaah.
  * Why can't I access car tuning after I find out what event I'm going to? You went through the convenience of giving me event tuning setups to get me started, but you make me do it before we've even approached the event. Why?
  * **Every possible visual option change requires a restart. No, I'm not kidding.**

Lastly, there's a few places that just leave a lot to be desired. While the game looks great, animations of vehicles and things in them don't seem to include things like car lean(being able to see the RUF GT 8 behind me slouch forward as it prepares for a turn would be convenient in knowing how he's going to take the turn). There aren't many audio cues for what's going on with your car. The car list, while good enough, isn't spectacular. The fake social media integration will have you seeing repeat messages by your second race.

Do I think this stuff is unfixable? Nah. Every last issue here is fixable. This might be the perfect sim racer in another few months. But today, it's rough. You've gotta really decide that you want to take it seriously, instead of the game guiding you, giving you a reason to want to take it seriously. And frankly, we were past that by 2007. Track car racing fans have had plenty of great experiences for the last several years. Why should we go back to something this rough?"
"I'm with CDP on this one, it's 100% their decision. They are not morally obligated to provide keys to them.    
If it were only available at GOG then I'd understand the concern, but it's available on every major platform so they can hardly be accused of limiting peoples options.

It's hard enough to profit in game development these days, and these companies selling games at 50-66% price on day one isn't helping."
"I'm hoping it also absorbs the Toon Lagoon portion, that part is pretty stale and would give the Nintendo part of the park a ton of room."
"It's not like Nintendo is the only developer to pump out successful sequels either. I mean how old is Call of Duty now, or Battlefield. I think it just comes down to the fact Nintendo produces incredibly polished titles with fun gameplay. "
"Not if they have this text on their site:

&gt; We are incredibly proud to be a business trading and working officially with the world’s greatest publishers and developers. We have direct contracts as an official, approved retail partner with every publisher / developer that has a game listed on Green Man Gaming, so our customers can buy with confidence.

http://www.greenmangaming.com/about/"
Personally not excited for the three titles so far - but excited for a reason to play Armada again! Surely that will be coming soon...
"Funny thing, GOG used to pride themselves of being above regional locks or pricing, as stated [here](http://www.gog.com/news/getting_back_to_our_roots)
 
&gt; We will adamantly continue to fight for games with flat worldwide pricing. If that fails and we are required to have regional prices, we will make up the difference for you out of our own pockets. 

They wanted to go full regional prices last year but had to back-peddle. They eventually introduced it as optional. Now they use it on their own games. So much for that ""badge of honor"" I guess.

I still praise them for their DRM-free philosophy, let's see how long that holds on."
"TB does that when he reviews a game, he would say something like this : ""I don't like this, but if you enjoy realism then you are in for a treat. Therefore it's a good game, provided realism is what you are looking for. If you are into DIRT or Burnout, then move along this game is not for you""."
"Yup...

I'd like to know which ones those are...

&gt;[Steam has it](http://store.steampowered.com/app/292030/).

&gt;[Origin has it](https://www.origin.com/en-us/store/buy/the-witcher-3-wild-hunt/pc-download/base-game/standard-edition).

&gt;[HumbleBundle Store has it](https://www.humblebundle.com/store/p/thewitcher3_wildhunt_storefront).

&gt;[Nuuvem has it](http://www.nuuvem.com.br/produto/2244-the-witcher-3-wild-hunt).

&gt;[Gamestop has it](http://www.gamestop.com/pc/games/the-witcher-iii-wild-hunt/114064).

&gt;[Gamesplanet has it](https://uk.gamesplanet.com/game/the-witcher-3-wild-hunt--2672-1).

&gt;[DL Gamer has it](http://www.dlgamer.us/download-the_witcher_3_wild_hunt-pc_games-p-29240.html).

&gt;[Amazon has XBone/PS4 Digital and Physical, but only a Physical for PC](http://www.amazon.com/Witcher-Wild-Hunt-Windows-Pc/dp/B00WTI3SGO/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1431006544&amp;sr=8-5&amp;keywords=The+Witcher+3).

List who doesn't:

&gt;Desura

&gt;GamersGate

&gt;Direct2Drive

&gt;GMG"
"As impressive as the castings are, I feel like the shift in voice actors, especially with Oracle and Gordan between City to Origins and now Knight really bug me because of continuity reasons. I really don't get why couldn't they get Kimberly Brooks or Tom Kane to stay with the roles. "
"&gt; It's very annoying seeing skins in Mario Kart that I literally have no access to unless I pay someone like $70 for a Rosalina figure...

Everybody is entitled to it's own feelings obviously.

I personnaly don't feel like a skin is a major problem. As opposed to my friends suddenly being out of my reach because the BF4 server admin switched to the latest DLC map.

I still think it's a lesser evil compared to DLC's like the BF Premium. Doesn't mean it's perfect, but I feel it's not hurting my gameplay in a significant manner.

But then all that stuff is very much of a grey area, and will vary depending on your own expectation. I can totaly understand the frustration of not having the possibility to unlock ""everything"" in a game just because of those amiibos, not to mention some are darn impossible to find (or pay for)."
"It is legal, that's why it's called ""grey"" market as long as you respect your own ToS and local laws for one line purchases (reimbursing not working products for instance). "
"I think what game reviewers are also missing out on is that the majority of the people who buy this game will already have thousands oh hours of experience driving real vehicles. 

This is like a combat flight sim being played by a someone with a private pilots license. the fundamentals are all there to begin with, you're just learning to apply it at a higher level.

What the reviewers seem to be criticizing is that it's not a game governed by limited 'game physics' and mechanics. Why would a pilot want a flight simulator that doesn't act like a real aircraft? Why would someone who drives cars want a racing simulator that that doesn't drive like a real car?

And like you said, all the setting are there to help carry players over from arcade racing to full blown sim. "
"&gt; Does a movie critic have to step back and say ""this isn't generally my genre so I won't review it"" or do the review ""movies"" and give their opinion on them?

That would be the same as reviewing Barcelona / Bayern and saying 1/10, this sucks because I don't like football..."
"I know mods are a bit of a hot topic right now, but I can't help but feel that the people who manipulate user reviews to ""punish"" companies like this act like a bunch of petulant children. 

I know that may seem like a harsh statement, but history has shown us that user reviews don't accurately reflect a community's collective assessment of a game. More often than not, people just give games the lowest score possible once they find out a developer is doing something they don't like, as though that somehow punishes the developer or calls them to their senses. 

I guess what I'm saying is don't read too far into this. This news says more about the reviewers than Rockstar or GTA V. "
"Give the Australian government some credit FreeWillin, they're already one step ahead of potential pirates. By refusing to upgrade Australia's aging internet infrastructure they're going to make it harder and harder to pirate games. "
"They've been lagging behind in software though, particularly putting out drivers. That's the main reason i stick with nvidia these days. If they can improve there I'll be happy to go back to amd. "
Well that's nice of them. I've restarted this game at least three times trying to get a handle of the different stats but it sounds like this version will get me to stick with it for more than a few hours.
"Yes, you have a bunch of people who are just angry at Rockstar looking for a good scapegoat to bash them on. Let's be real here: The way the FOV mod that people have been allegedly banned for is a .dll hook. It uses a modified DirectSound dsound.dll file to inject code that tells the game to increase the FOV under certain circumstances. This is the same method by which many hacks, including those for GTA5 and dating back to the XQZ wallhack/aimbot days of Half-Life operate.

It isn't some modified game configuration file that allows it, it's literally tricking the game into running external code, and Rockstar has no idea what code it's running, just that a non-expected, modified dsound.dll is being called.

But yeah Rockstar could have at the very least allowed a higher max FOV through editing an ini or something. 

That said, this sort of reminds me of back in the CS 1.6 days in 2003 when VAC mistakenly banned a few users for using HLAmp (despite the bans being reversed in hours), and suddenly there were hundreds of people rageposting how they got VACBanned for using HLAmp."
"Yea the records are of opionated importance, but 4 million copies of a $60 game for a new ip in it's first week is pretty impressive."
"I brought grey market keys up because it's what CDPR themselves said. People keep quoting the article with GMG's CEO as fact, so quoting CDPR seemed fair game to me."
I feel like this statement may have been true 3-4 years ago before nvidia shit the bed horribly with driver failures and all the other nightmares that occurred. 
"I was excited to read your comment after the first line because I was expecting some sort of sourced statements or analysis of data to show that many things being said around here were false.

But all you said was that you like the idea of good prices and you're happy with the services. Okay, fine, but what does that have to do with the ""misinformed, ignorant fucking thread"" you first alluded to? 

If you're going to accuse everyone of misinformation and ignorance, then perhaps present a counterpoint against GMG violating their own stated method of key acquisition, provide some not well known information about how digital keys are provided from publishers to stores, find some information to counteract the misinformation. Don't just accuse people of being wrong and then go on to state an opinion that has absolutely nothing to do with said problem information."
"Since the retail version is, if it is even bound to any account at all, a GOG version I don't think anyone was going to buy the pass on Steam if the game itself is not activated on your Steam account."
"&gt; There is a very real skill and execution barrier to overcome in this game not just pattern memorization.

Isn't memorizing the patterns the most important thing to get good at bullet hells?"
The Alien Isolation reviews were seriously criminal and made me so angry. This game looks really cool and I can't wait to try it.
"Same here, but I also stopped playing because the game seemed to be dragging on at a snails pace not even a third of the way through and... I just kinda lost interest which is a shame since I heard the second half of the game was great.  What I hope for is, since they're mentioning balance changes, they make some other weapons viable for more then one or two levels.  Last I looked the only weapons worth using were rifles due to their damage, range, and AP values with an energy weapon for their armor ignoring properties.

^^^edited ^^^for ^^^words"
The issue was formally reported a year ago. This isn't just a case of QA dropping the ball; they've also refused to fix it for a long time. It's also troubling that it came first (only?) in the paid upgrade rather than the base game.
"TIL there's a grey market for amiibos

http://www.gameinformer.com/b/features/archive/2015/01/07/buyers-and-sellers-traffic-in-gray-market-amiibos-as-prices-continue-to-rise.aspx"
"&gt;It won’t take much - If every backer from our first Kickstarter pledges just $10, we will be more than halfway to our $100,000 goal. If you all pledge $20, we can reach our goal on the first day.

I was fine with all of it except for this.  You do *not* try to guilt your existing backers into paying more.  That's just dirty pool.  If they don't back you for more, you make them feel bad and that casts a shadow on the whole project.  If they *do* back for more, they've spent more money than they wanted to on the project and expect more from it, and you're not going to be any better because you *need* the money, not *want* it.

The fact that they ran out of money...  Well, I went into all my Kickstarters knowing how badly developers estimate things.  It's not a surprise to me that so many seek additional funding.  It's the source of that funding that's the problem.

If they ask the existing backers directly, that's putting the possibly failure of the project on them, and they were the only reason it existed in the first place!

If they ask a publisher, it's violating the original spirit of the Kickstarter in that they weren't supposed to give up any creative control to Big Money.

I realize this puts them in a bad position and makes it hard to raise more money, but that's why they were supposed to get enough the first time around."
You have to wonder how this all happened.  I always assumed that vendors like GMG dealt directly with developers and publishers when getting keys.  It seems like there wouldn't *be* another source with enough keys to accommodate a main-tier vendor.  
"&gt; Donkey Kong in a frozen banana stand

Nintendo finally figured out their financial recovery - there's always money in the banana stand!"
"With the pain point of custom parties addressed and Nintendo trying to build up a community, this game is back on it's hype cruise.

I think it's better to release the game with no custom games option and release customs on a later date whilst the rest of the game is fully functional than waiting for that option for the game to be released."
"Just like how WW2 was almost entirely Americans sitting around having picnics in England between marching practice before getting sea sick on the way to Normandy and drowning after being hit by MG fire on the beach?

Or WW1 was nothing more than sitting in trenches until you died of disease and was eaten by rats?

Or how the modern combat games are all about checking for IEDs and sitting around at base?"
"They are giving Warhammer license to literally anyone who wants to make a Warhammer game.

Some are great, such as Space Hulk Ascension, Space Marine or Dawn of War. Some has potential to be great, like Warhammer:Total War, Morheim or this game. Lastly, there are many really awful  warhammer licensed games like Storm of Vengeance."
Rich people spend less as a portion of their income buying stuff than poor people. Sales taxes are *extremely* regressive.
Have you ever rode the Spider-Man ride?? It'd be a horrible day in the history of mankind if that ride was taken out
"IMO, Black Flag already is the best pirate game ever made. You can totally abandon the Assassin stuff and just be a pirate, if you want, and the main character is pretty much a pirate through and through who only becomes a full-fledged Assassin towards the end of the game. Not to mention, the plot is a pretty good blow-by-blow of the actual history of the Golden Age of Piracy. If you ask me, the Assassin stuff doesn't hold back the pirate content at all, and vice-versa. My favorite thing about the game is that it actually endeavors to be those two things and does them well, rather than giving into the delusion that all games need ""focus"" and that one should play two totally different games for two different experiences."
"Jeezus, we already pay a ridiculous amount for some games, I mean look at this:

Game | Publisher | AU Price (USD) | US Price (USD) | % Increase from US
---|---|---|----|----
Call of Duty Black Ops 2 |Activision| 89.99|59.99|50%
Civilization V |2K Games / Take Two| 69.99|29.99|133%
XCOM Enemy Unknown Complete Pack|2K Games / Take Two | 79.99|49.99|60%
Wolfenstein: The Old Blood| Bethesda Softworks / Zenimax |39.95|19.99|100%
Witcher 3 | CD Projekt |83.99|53.99|56%
GTA IV Complete Edition| Rockstar Games / Take Two | 79.99|29.99|167%
Civilization Beyond Earth| 2K Games / Take Two | 89.99|49.99|80%
RUSE| Ubisoft |49.99|9.99|400%
Dishonored|  Bethesda Softworks / Zenimax  |44.99|19.99 |125%

If that ain't price gouging, I don't know what is. An additional 10% on top of that...
Steam isn't looking so cheap anymore.

EDIT: Listed the publishers for listed games."
"I live in Orlando, FL so going to theme parks a lot is the norm, and I get to see how the parks change throughout the year. Whenever there is construction going on at Disney, they put up walls with signs that read ""Please pardon our pixie dust, magic is happening."" or something to that effect. At Universal they put up posters of old movies on the walls with some fun facts.

I so hope that when Nintendo has their park area and they're doing construction that the walls have little signs that say ""please understand."""
I can't wait to restart the game 10 times and never finish it because I have anxiety about making the best possible team.
"Yup! The deal allows them to sell Marvel merch, but they don't have free reign to make their own Marvel merch. They either have to buy official merchandise from Marvel to re-sell, or they have to work with Marvel directly in the creation of any of their own Marvel merch as if they were any other licensee.

Marvel (Disney) gets a royalty from it all of course, including if Universal decided to slap Marvel characters on their soda cups. 

Which is ultimately why I can't see Disney ever shelling out the money to buy out the rights from Universal. Disney is making money through Universal's success, and they're in a position where they don't really *need* the Marvel properties to bulk up Disney World. 

It would be far easier to just limit their Marvel rides to Disneyland and the international Disney parks, keep collecting their cut from Universal, and let Disney World grow on the Pixar and Lucasfilm properties they now own. Complementary to that, because Universal *doesn't* have any Marvel exclusivity outside of Florida, they'd be in direct competition with Disney to try and set up more Marvel attractions in their other parks, which is why this Nintendo deal could be really great for everyone involved.  "
"I  have dreamed of this game but my faith in  Gamesworkshop  is at an  all  time low,  will  probably be a shitty chess match thing."
"Nah, universal own the park rights to Marvel so unless Disney comes knocking with a ton of money these rides aren't going anywhere. They're sitting on solid gold since these Marvel movies have started coming out."
"A lot of time, the most glaring shipped  bugs are not because they slipped past QA, but because there was a development reason to not prioritize the fix. You can have the best QA in the world, but it's still up to the programming side to write a fix. 

I worked on software QA and this is just how it is. "
Enough for them to immediately start a sequel and talk about it during interviews. It sold like 9 million copies last they talked about it. For all the hate that game got on reddit it sold really well.
Seeing Kevin Conroy making the Batman voice in that recording studio is just magic. I'm so glad they were able to get him again.
"&gt;That said, this sort of reminds me of back in the CS 1.6 days in 2003 when VAC mistakenly banned a few users for using HLAmp (despite the bans being reversed in hours), and suddenly there were hundreds of people rageposting how they got VACBanned for using HLAmp.

Mistaken bans like that have happened more than a few times in the past. Valve accidentally banned a ton of MW2 players once. But this situation is especially ridiculous because all these people who are touting themselves as experienced modders should have seen this coming. It's why people always ask ""will I get banned for this?"" when a mod comes out for a game that doesn't explicitly support them. 

Hell, you can find tons of people asking about getting banned for the GTAV FOV mod around its release because everyone who spent half a second thinking about it realized that that was a potential outcome. [Here's the announcement thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/GrandTheftAutoV_PC/comments/32n8m0/i_made_a_mod_for_freely_setting_your_firstperson/) in /r/GrandTheftAutoV_PC. Check out that bold text right at the start warning about a potential anti-cheat ban due to the nature of the modification method (though his comparison to SweetFX is complete bullshit because SweetFX does not work the same way as that FOV mod at all). If a mod is modifying and injecting into core game files, you can be sure that it's probably unsafe because it's ridiculous to assume the developers are going to put in flags for each and every way that core game files can be modified in ""non-cheating"" ways so that things like FOV mods can get by while infinite health doesn't. Might as well expect them to capture and label every grain of sand on a beach.

Contrast this entire situation with Dark Souls 2 a full year ago where we had the complete opposite situation happen. [People were tripping over themselves to warn everyone else that they could get VAC banned for using Durante's or the SweetFX mod](http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/23xkg2/vac_bans_for_dark_souls_ii/) with absolutely no proof or evidence, just rampant hearsay. The whole thing was bullshit to anyone that spent another half a second thinking about how Durante's mod works, or realizing that nobody has ever been VAC banned for SweetFX after years of use in other VAC games. To this date nobody has been banned for these mods in DS2. 

So why was there a huge panic about DS2 and its benign mods and then quiet about its acceptance of them, and no panic about GTAV's extremely dubious FOV modification method and a huge panic about its rejection of it?

I'm not saying that this makes the banning of people over the FOV mod specifically right or just or correct--it's just that this is the inherent downside of certain modding techniques. All these people who keep championing modding and the rights to modify their FOV's should have expected something like this because anyone who has been modding games this entire time should understand the risks involved in certain modding techniques."
"A word of advice, do not make generalists. You start with 4 and will get 3 more characters at your disposal. Min/Max and specialize, this will help big time."
"&gt; People need to avoid this one until more episodes come out,

Exactly the opposite. The devs said, that the sales on PC actually determine the future of the franchise. 

There was never an episode two on Xbox, because the game sold like crap, and wouldn't have justified working on another episode. Releasing it exclusively on Xbox was simply a huge mistake, since the market for those games is relatively small anyway, and the Xbox isn't the console that people who want to play quirky japanese games own. It has nothing to do with the dev being unreliable."
"Yep. Some of the reviews are really dumb.  They read like this, ""This game doesn't appeal to everyone, doesn't provide a system of rewards that is inconsistent with its theme in order to create addiction and doesn't meet my personal taste in games. But its really good at what it sets out to do.  6/10""

You should be able to review a game within its context which would eliminate these stupid review biases."
"Every now and then the game pulls you from your boat into an office tower. As someone who hadn't played any of the AC games before I found that quite jarring. 

That's really my only complaint about the game. The rest of the game play and the story within pirate land was just fine."
"It's nice to see that there'll be free updates, and to finally know that more modes will be coming. My interest in this game might just have been rekindled."
"&gt;slower.

Man could you ever go slow in that game.  There were those times you'd have to be going against the wind and it would take *so long.*"
"Yup. A person making 1000x more than minimum wage is not gonna buy cars, food, or cigarettes that are 1000x more expensive. Even when you factor in expensive houses and yachts, most hyper-rich people aren't really spending a lot of their income on physical things. "
Yeah just look at how popular the Harry Potter park is. Take a very successful IP and combine that with a popular tourist attraction and a company who is good at developing parks and you have a recipe for success. 
"My guess?  
GMG wanted to slash prices to the bone @ launch, CDPR was not cool with that.  It would sour their relationships with other partners, devalue their product at the worst possible time, and possibly violate standing agreements with Namco-Bandai, Sony, or Brick and mortar retailers.    
  
GMG found a way to get some keys anyway, but in doing so the person who was selling them was likely in violation of an agreement they made with CDPR and probably got called on it, hence the jump back to 60.  "
"Starfleet Academy being up means that Klingon Academy must be right around the corner, right? That game is easily my favorite space sim ever. "
Turn the Popeye white water rafting into Pokemon snap... turn Dudley Dooright log flume into DK mine cart...
You're still dancing around the issue that it's on-disc DLC with a physical key required to unlock it.
"I could forgive the extra 27% due to currency conversion, because then we'd be paying the same as US Americans do. However, that doesn't excuse the many games which go for higher **USD** than in the US."
"Wasteland 2 was well received at launch, and has only improved since then. What exactly did you find wrong?"
"What they did was remove all utility from classes. Class complexity did go down the drain very heavily though, there is no denying it. Warriors used to be one of the most complex class, next to druid, because to be effective in PVP and PVE (up to WOTLK), you had to stance dance. Arms stance was used to fight Feral Druids and Rogues due to Overpower. You'd generally stay in Zerker stance and spam Mortal Strike/WW on CD (The spec was 41/10/10 if I recall) as well as for Intercept for the stun. You'd have macro for Dstance &gt; Disarm/Spell Reflect/Shield Bash &gt; Zerker stance. 

It was one of the most versatile class in the game because it had to so much utility, but each utility was hidden behind a stance, so people that didn't stance dance limited themselves. But blizzard didn't like that, so they stripped away slowly at our utility. They removed Death Wish, Second Wind, Disarm, weapon masteries, improved hamstring(15% chance to root the slowed target), Iron will, etc... All the things that made us unique, like shutting down melee for a couple seconds, giving us a reason to pick a weapon class, etc... were removed. Then they added banners at some point so we could have more neat stuff to bring... then they removed that as well. So currently, all we can do it charge every 12 seconds.... spam hamstring but 89% of classes have a wait to get out of a slow with no issue, and since we can't root anymore....

It's just sad really."
The same reason they didn't use Conroy for Origins. Different direction in characters because earlier time in their lives and same reason for Kiefer Sutherland in MGS V. 
"John Noble voiced Unicron on Transformers: Prime. While the character was handled pretty poorly, his performance was great."
"&gt; but docked it because you need to enjoy FPS games to enjoy CoD.


Some reviewers do just that. If a guy hates FPS games and has to review one, lo-and-behold it gets a low score."
"Ranked matchmaking is really cool, more games need this. This game looks so fun, i wish i had a WiiU.

Also dat soudtrack."
Events pretty much confirmed that I'll get a lot of playtime out of this game.  I would've been completely done with TF2 by now were it not for their holiday-themed updates.
I'd give good odds on Star Fox getting a delay what with no real footage of it existing so far outside of a weird prototype.
"Via con dios, amigo! I've beaten it twice now, making natural decisions all the way through, with no save scumming, and it's been so much fun.

"
Really? I use it all the time on my lockpicker/safecracker guy. Though it is mostly just alarms on said safes or locked chests. Only ran into a handful of instances of alarmed doors.
"Although I won't be buying TW3 - GMG has always been good to me too and I would like to know what the heck is going on. 

I won't be turning my back on GMG just because of this one incident, that really dosent make sense anyway.

I'd really like to know why the publishers refused to supply GMG... officially."
"Judgement Rites was (and is) a fantastic adventure game!  My hope is that GOG will eventually add the ""CD Talkie"" version to GOG, as it featured the original cast.

This has been a fantastic adventure game year for GOG: Toonstruck, LucasArts adventures, and now this.  I'll be busy for quite some time."
"I don't hate the game or anything but I also haven't been able to play past about 10 hours. The combat is just too repetitive. Characters don't have special abilities or even interesting passives. You just shoot your gun, pass turn, repeat. It would be nice if your characters got some perks or something to make them feel less generic but sadly it just feels like all my characters are exactly the same except they shoot different things. The item pools also feel quite shallow with only one or two options per ""tier"" for each weapon type."
"Yeah. When I heard this, I immediately thought of a Nintendo-esque ToonTown within a Universal park. "
"It also affected the current-gen (Xbone and PS4) versions of the game. Not sure if the patch is out yet for them, but it should be soon."
"25th Anniversary and Judgement Rites were actually really good adventure games back in the day (or at least, I enjoyed the hell out of them) - it might be worth checking them out."
"This is an ignorant move made by people who don't understand the reason behind the banning. It's a freakin dll hook. You cannot see what it's doing and is also used for hacks. You bitch about hackers. This is the fix. How about you do something more productive and email Rockstar about fixing the fov. Lowering the score because Rockstar started banning hackers like you asked is silly.

If you have a problem with the fov then ask them to fix it. Don't use something that could be used for nefarious purposes to meet your end goal"
"I hope this inspires them to keep ""slow burning"" with the Wii U for a few more years, then. It's a great console that keeps selling more than it did the year before. "
"From 25th Anniversary's page:  
&gt; Features the voices of the entire original Star Trek™ Crew!


Judgment Rites:  
&gt; Original series' voices, sound effects and music take you back to the action.


So they seem to be the versions you're looking for."
"There's a whole lot of speculation from people going on in these threads. Lots of people ready to throw GMG or GoG under the bus. The fact is we may never know exactly how this all really went down. But I've done plenty of business with GMG in the past and I have yet to see anything convincing me that what they did with the Witcher 3 promotion was illegitimate, certainly not enough to throw them in with the likes of G2A or Kinguin. 

"
"The staggered release makes it feel almost like a *series of events* rather than a single game release. 

While I think this sort of thing has been done wrong by other developers (i.e., it seemed more like an unfinished game being released), there's an opportunity there for it to feel like value if the developer does it right. "
Even if what he's saying is 100% true it's admitting that GMG was not an authorized retailer for TW3 and therefore got the game keys in a shady manner.
"That's blowing it a bit out of proportion. It's a big deal, but you certainly could make it through most areas without the weapon breaking. I played through the whole game with this bug present and it was, at most, somewhat annoying, but 100% playable."
"You mean like AC Rogue? Which improves the ship combat (oil slicks, boarding during ship combat, puckle guns, enemy able to board you as well, etc) and is basically a giant improvement in most aspects on Black Flag which I thought was pretty good to begin with?

It was really overshadowed by Unity's shittyness since it launched the same week, but it's by far the best of the series so far IMO (and as an added bonus: you play as a Templar hunting down Assassins instead of as an Assassin, so there's far less of the samey ""omg literally every single even half-good or interesting person in history is an assassin"" )"
"I know this is Geralt's last foray in The Witcher series but I really really hope the game returns in the future with Ciri as the protagonist. 

She's so freaking awesome. Witcher trained magical badass lass!"
"Gamespot has a statement from GMG though, stating that since they couldn't strike a deal with CPR they obtained keys from other 3rd party retailers which WERE approved by CPR."
clearly if you already ordered the key you still get the key... They haven't stopped selling them regardless.
"Perfect!  Somehow I missed those details.  GOG never fails to amaze me!  If it were legal to marry GOG, I would."
"Gamers may not enjoy them, but Trekkers might get a huge kick out them. 25th Anniversary and JR are essentially TOS season 4/5, complete with the original cast doing the voice work. In fact, JR is the last time DeForest Kelly would ever act the role of Dr. McCoy.

Must-have's IMO for Star Trek fans, if they are the CD versions. Many of these games in fact feature some of the same writers, actors, and/or directors as the shows they are based on. "
"Almost on point, while it does have to do with the direction of the games, it stands to reason that, with Origins and the rest of the series being developed by different studios (WB Montreal and Rocksteady respectively), different budgets were allocated for voice acting and ended with different actors, that aside, the reason Kojima went for Keifer Sutherland instead of David Hayter was because of a change in direction of the character, and most importantly, the mocap process which meant finding someone closer in looks to Big Boss. "
"I felt the same way, but it looks like the GOTY edition should fix some of that with the perks and quirks system and overall combat overhaul. The game's got good bones, but it just needs some tweaking. I look forward to actually playing it this summer."
"Just because GMG tried for 6 months and offered cash advances, flying out to Poland etc doesn't mean that they were being reasonable buyers. And where are these supposed other digital retailers? as far as I know all the major retailers made a deal with CDPR sucessfully except GMG. Knowing GMG's desire for really low prices its pretty easy to figure out why CDPR didn't accept their offers. If GMG finds a way to go around CDPR to break map why should CDPR take that sitting down?"
"Giving it a lower review because its not designed to appeal to the masses. This is what gaming journalism has come to...

Can you imagine if they reviewed movies like that? ""Shindlers List is a beautiful movie with an amazing message, but it doesn't have the same wide stream appeal as the avengers, so 2/5 stars""


Widestream appeal should be noted in the review, not as something that effects the score."
"&gt; while it's rarely good, it's rarely this bad, either

To pick a different livery you have to go through like 6 different menus. First you need to ""Select a Car"", this brings up your quick selection menu. Then you need to go to your garage. Then ""Select a Car"" again, then pick which class it's in, then pick the manufacturer, find it in the list, and finally cycle through and pick a livery.

It should not be buried that deep in menus."
This game just needs to release already. This month is going to be brutal. guess it's time to beat Witcher 2 again.
"They broke their own policy of only dealing directly with the publisher. Whether that policy is necessary is debatable, but it's still false advertising."
"Very true. The only stressful part is tight shipping lanes. (like the Atlantic side of the Panama canal).

Essentially it boils down to making sure you have up-to-date charts in your chart plotter. Plot your course, then go up on deck and watch out for other ships as you make minor adjustments to the sails. Then go back down and check your course, log in anything you did into the log-book, etc. Repeat that for as many hours as it takes to get to your destination or until your 8-10 hour watch is over. 

I love doing it in real life, but no-way I'm gonna do that digitally.

And P.S. EDIT: If you really want to get into the really exciting world of setting a course for...somewhere...check out http://opencpn.org/ocpn/ and get some charts. Plot some courses and set it for an average of 8-12 knots, WAHOO! As an FYI sailing from the Atlantic side of the Panama Canal to the San Blas islands took us about 18 hours or so (if I remember correctly, everyone else got seasick and I had go on watch the entire time, all night, in a rainstorm, FUN STUFF!)"
"Let's say Coca-Cola cuts a distribution deal with a charity event and offers to supply them 2,000 liters of coke (1,000 2-liter bottles) at a reduced rate. Coca-Cola is compensated at that reduced rate for the product they sold the charity event, and Coca-Cola writes off the difference against their taxes as part of a charitable deduction. Let's say Coca-Cola let these charity bottles go for .25 a piece. 

The charity opts not to distribute the soda at their event, but instead resells the 1,000 2-liter bottles at .50 a piece to a local store. 

The local store has a distribution deal with Coca-Cola - they usually buy bottles from their local bottling center at .75/ea and resell at .99/ea, sometimes offering 5-for-$4 sales and the like as loss leaders if they want to motivate people to get into the store. (They still make $4 when the bottles cost $3.75, so they're reducing their margin but making a profit.) 

Local store scored pretty on the bottles from the charity, getting a shipment in at .50/ea instead of .75/ea. They want to move that product fast, so they run a sale where every bottle is $20% off ($.80/ea, so they're making 30 cents profit per bottle, better than their normal take!), no limit on how many you can buy.

Their Coca-Cola truck came by that week for its usual delivery, but they waived the delivery driver off, saying they were overstocked on product that nobody wanted and they didn't need their usual shipment. That triggered a call from the regional sales director, who has a pretty good idea how many bottles they sell each week (since they've taken a shipment of roughly the same size every week for the last twenty years or so). The call is sincere; the sales director wants to know if they've had a big shift in sales profiles or if there's something else Coca-Cola can do for Local Store to help them move product. The sales director gets a chipper ""nope! guess people just aren't thirsty this week!"" and thinks it's fishy, so he goes down to Local Store on lunch and sees Coke flying off the shelves at a discounted rate. How odd, since Coca-Cola didn't sell any bottles to Local Store this week. 

Question: Was Coca-Cola compensated for the discount bottles Local Store is re-selling? (The ones the Charity shouldn't have sold them in the first place?) 

Answer: Partly. Coca-Cola received partial compensation from the Charity (.25 per bottle) and wrote the difference off as a charitable deduction, but they'd probably have preferred to have their regular operating income rather than deferring the benefits 'til year's end for tax purposes. But Coca-Cola's discounted bottles were not for resale - Charity broke an agreement by re-selling steeply-discounted donated product. They turned a profit where they shouldn't have and may suffer legal repercussions for having done so.

In turn, Local Store likely has an agreement in place with their regional Coca-Cola bottling plant that prohibits them from sourcing product from other distributors. The agreement is in place to prevent things like this - where Local Store has helped Charity execute some shady shit because Local Store makes an extra .05 per bottle this way. They deprive Coca-Cola of their weekly sales to Local Store; they've put Coca-Cola in a position where, if the IRS challenged the charitable deduction and began digging, Coca-Cola might face some penalty or liability; they've caused work for that sales director that might lead to an overtime charge while he was figuring out what stunk about the situation. Local Store and Charity, in the haste to make a buck, may have harmed their organizational relationship with Coca-Cola. 

Coca-cola can't afford to have every Local Store wait for Charities to re-sell donated goods illegally; they based their business on vending at .75 for a two-liter bottle wholesale, and they will go bankrupt if they're only making .25 cents per. (After all, deductions are not the same as actual income - you can't pay employees in deductions!)

So, depending how you look at things, if Coca-cola was compensated at all, it was only partial. Fair business practices were not employed by Charity or Local Store. "
"&gt; We have always appreciated the creative efforts of the PC modding community and we still fondly remember the awesome zombie invasion mod and original GTA map mod for GTAIV PC among many other classics. To be clear, the modding policy in our license has not changed and is the same as for GTAIV.  Recent updates to GTAV PC had an unintended effect of making unplayable certain single player modifications. This was not intentional, no one has been banned for using single player modifications, and you should not worry about being banned or being relegated to the cheater pool just for using single player PC mods. Our primary focus is on protecting GTA Online against modifications that could give players an unfair advantage, disrupt gameplay, or cause griefing. It also bears mentioning that because game mods are by definition unauthorized, they may be broken by technical updates, cause instability, or affect your game in other unforeseen ways.

Reply from Rockstar concerning mods in GTA 5."
"&gt; You have no idea if they are indeed gray market or not.

Not knowing where a key is coming from is literally the definition of 'grey market'. Grey market in this context does not mean illegal, stolen, or illegitimate, it simply means ""unknown origin"". 

The fact that we have no idea whether they are shady or not IS what makes them 'gray market'.

&gt; GMG does not deal in Gray market keys. Until we have proof otherwise, it would be wise to remember that, because the alternative is Libel and damages GMG's business.

GMG put up keys of unknown origin for sale. So GMG, in particular this case, dealt in the gray market. Maybe not from their own point of view - that is still to be seen - but absolutely from their customer's. There is no ""libel"" in saying that, and there is no need to ""wisely remember"" anything.

"
"My guess?  
GMG wanted to slash prices to the bone @ launch, CDPR was not cool with that. It would sour their relationships with other partners, devalue their product at the worst possible time, and possibly violate standing agreements with Namco-Bandai, Sony, or Brick and mortar retailers.  
GMG found a way to get some keys anyway, but in doing so the person who was selling them was likely in violation of an agreement they made with CDPR and probably got called on it, hence the jump back to 60."
"Interesting that people have already been banned for it though, however, you can never be too sure if anyone telling the truth, just because they made a post online saying they hadn't used mods online, doesn't mean they actually did.

Also, why don't they just add a larger FOV range, so people don't need to resort to a mod, which would get them banned if they want a larger FOV online."
"This is a question of contractual obligations, primarily if either GMG or whoever GMG bought their keys from was under a contract with GOG/CDP to exclusively buy keys from them, or if there was a clause preventing resale of said keys.  If neither of those conditions exist, there's not a lot that CDP can do other than complain about it.

Either way, to say that CDP ""gets nothing"" is a gross exaggeration."
"Witcher trained magical time traveling dimension hopping half-elf-alien-genetic modification-thingy, choose one badass.

Oh also a princess.


...That is if I got my Witcher lore right."
"Oh goody. An inter Libertarian, communicating almost entirely through YouTube videos.

Boy, you'll teach those statists!"
"You don't think it's morally grey to buy cheap keys meant for a region where the cost of living is cheaper, and then resell those elsewhere? I think it is."
"Geez, when you describe her that way she seems like some sort of weird fan-fiction self-insert on deviantart."
"Damn, that would allow for some seriously cool visual effects to make it feel like the rainbow road. I would Include a section of the track that simulates a ""shortcut jump"" off the road. This would be such an enormous money maker"
"How is it a frivolous accusation? GOG saw that GMG was selling keys at a discount, and they didn't know where the keys came from, so they warned users that they aren't an authorized seller. That's the opposite of a frivolous accusation."
"Seems like the amiibo unlock a lot of content. Not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing. Either way I'm really pumped for this game. It may not be for everybody, but for a more casual gamer like me, I couldn't be more excited for this new IP. "
"Okay, and if you are a business trying to deal with a publisher trying to get their game on your site, but they are being difficult and wanting to support their own platform, you have no choice but to procure the product from somewhere else.

If GMG got keys from a different APPROVED retailer, I don't see a problem with that, no matter where they got them from.

Plus people are assuming they got them from somewhere that sells the game way cheaper, yet there is no way to prove that.

I like both of these companies, so its issues like this that make it impossible to sympathize with either one of them."
"It sounds much better on paper then summing it up like that lol, but yeah she walks that thin line between bad ass interesting character to mary sue with this game, probably more so then in the books.

I'm not that too worry through. When it comes to story and characters that's probably the one thing not to have to worry about with CDPR. I believe they've even talked about that not too long ago. "
"Dungeon Keeper on mobile is an amazing game for people who like to spend real money to play a game that's inferior to its predecessor.  9 out of 10!

That's why we just need to do away with review scores, and in the process do away with metacritic.  Too much stock is put into these numbers for them to be skewed by someone who just doesn't enjoy a genre reviewing the wrong game.  In a space where anything under 9/10 seems to be a failure, it's just time to stop assigning these arbitrary numbers, review the game, and let people decide what those pros and cons mean to them.

Unfortunately the short attention span of most of their 'readers' and the fact that most of them really don't want to read the reviews at all means this probably won't happen.  A few sites have done it, but I think they all need to if we're going to see any positive change from it."
"&gt; To my understanding, it was always the retailers who set the price that were taking the hit in profits.  
  
This isn't usually how it works.  With a new product there's usually an agreement not to sell below a certain price for a certain period of time, as well as an agreement that you won't let other resellers have any signifigantly better terms or sell at better terms yourself (once again for a set period, usually 3-6 months).  Frequently these agreements are subdivided by region and distribution.     
   
It's there largely to protect resellers and distributors from loss-leader strategies, and to protect the developer from product hyper-devaluation but in the case of entertainment software it's largely driven by brick and mortar meatspace retail outlets.  They want to be sure that they aren't giving shelfspace and marketing hype to a product no-one will buy from them.  
  
It's why some games NEVER go on sale. 
   
If this only happened because they wanted to push GoG it wouldn't be available on steam, origin,uplay,nuuvem,humblebundle,etc....  
But it is, so I'm inclined to think GMG wanted something unreasonable."
Honestly I don't know if there is a story I more want to read about in gaming than what happened in 2013 between the console makers. I really hope in 15 years someone gets crazy access to both sides of the table and makes an awesome book about it. 
The Jurassic Park exhibit is still fucking fascinating. I can't wait to see what they do with the new movie coming out. 
The thing to remember about those nvidia keys is that you enter them on nvidia's website then GOG auto-credits your account. No real key needed.
"I won't even be able to play on launch, my electricity is being turned off from 9-5. It was one of those 'drop to your knees and scream ""NOOOOOO""' moments when I read the post from the electricity company."
"Awesome I will check this out for sure! It's kinda sad there will be only 3 hours for the beta but hey something is better then nothing. I'm on the fence of purchasing it and this will allow me to finally decide if it's worth a purchase or not. That discount for playing the beta for the full game is awesome though, Nintendo really knows how to push me toward buying their products "
"&gt;AMD was left to rot.

Not true at all. Devs on the WMD forum say it's a driver issue on AMD's side. Also, people are reporting massive fps improvements (~30%) using AMD's Windows 10 driver. I expect AMD will have a new driver out shortly that resolves the issue."
"Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe the 20 amiibo missions build on existing missions, and offer new ways of completing the level. I can't remember where I heard this, so I don't have a source. "
"My unorganized rambling on this:

Listen I use Wet and Cold, and I can say... it isn't worth the five bucks its asking. Its an aesthetic mod that goes great with Frostfall or other survival mods that I'd actually front five bucks for.

The fishing minigame is something priced at the average Android/App store range for a fishing minigame you could get on your phone. So I'll agree and say that its priced right.

But most of the mods they were asking 'payment' out of were just... skins, even Purity when you get down to brass tacks, just makes the game look better. And after hearing TB's podcast about this, it makes you wonder what the actual hell Valve and Bethesda were thinking.

If I had the choice between paying five dollars for Wet and Cold or Frostfall, I'd spend it on Frostfall since it actually adds to the mechanics then the aesthetics. Because to me, I'd rather pay for something that adds to the gameplay, then just the immersion and how it looks. Also to add onto that, I wouldn't mind paying for Armor and Weapon skins... if Skyrim was online, whats the point in shelling out $1-$5 on skins that no one will ever see? I play CSGO and the main appeal of buying the community skins (through crates and keys) is because it looks cool and it shows that ~~you have plenty of expendable income~~ you have spent enough time in the game to earn the weapon skins through drops or through trade up contracts, or through those trade servers.


But there was no choice like that at the beginning of the whole fiasco, and I think thats why it mostly went to hell like it did. That Bethesda being hands-off to the workshop, is like giving a psycho the keys and codes to launch nukes; it isn't going to end well. Especially in this day and age of scammers and internet conmen who can exploit the hell out of a system to make a 'one-and-done' buck.

Honestly, if Bethesda or Valve or whoever was actually running this thing, gave modders more time or let them use their old mods. I wouldn't mind paying for several mods I currently use (if I had the money that is), but the way that it went down felt like they were testing the waters to see how to do monetized modding. And it probably will be back after all the dust settles.

Sidenote: Why the fuck didn't they use those DLC-sized quest mods that landed people jobs, aren't those the ones you would want to use to demonstrate paying for mods?

EDIT: Sorry the Brass Tacks Tax of 18XX was on my mind... yeah..."
"Agreed that its shady.

It drives up the price for all the other people who buy the game at the rate the country sets. The keys are sold cheaper in those countries to fight piracy, not so that people on reasonable wages can be opportunists and save money.

Sure, its a savvy finanical move, but its also a dick move. And we dont like dicks. Its one company trying to make extra $$$ at the expense of the rest of the market.

At the end of the day, this is the kind of practice that causes AAA developers to start moving into shifty DLC policies etc, so they can make up for the 10% lost revenue from the internet slowly moving towards only wanting to pay 66% of the RRP on their game. I blame GMG entirely and I'll never be purchasing a game from them again (I wasnt a huge customer but I've bought like 3 games from them at retail launch).

In my opinion, CDPR was too nice with their retail contracts and let some Russian place buy keys without a proper contract in place about regional locking. Then GMG decided to try and take advantage of that and bank a quick 50K because CDPR wouldnt give them a 10% discount during their ""negotiations"". GMG obviously thought they were being smart by buying form some middle ground rather than a fully grey market like that of G2A, but in reality, it was a dumb marketing move.

In what world are GMG not complete arseholes here. Unless some scandal comes out about CDPR being everything we thought they wernt, CDPR are not the bad guys here."
"Quick note: BST is British Summer Time, which, if you're in the US, is +5 hours if you're in EST and +8 hours if you're in PST. That makes the times ~~8PM, 2AM, and 8AM if you're on the west coast, and 11PM, 5AM, and 11AM if you're on the east coast~~ (corrected times are below, thank you /r/btlyger). So if you're on the west coast like me, you'll probably want to hit that Friday evening time slot unless you plan on being up fairly early on Saturday.

edit: Can someone verify that my timezone math is correct? I'd really hate to lead people astray by telling them the wrong times..."
"She also had a lesbian romance, and then her lover got killed off. So yeah, it does sound very much like that."
"In order to avoid gray areas, GTAO should remain a completely *mod-free* game mode, including FoV mods.

As soon as you start allowing certain mods, then people will want other mods to work.  And now you have a situation where R* has to make a list of mods that do work, and don't work, and approve certain mods but not others.

This also opens exploitative loopholes for cheaters."
"War is often times described as long periods of boredom punctuated by brief moments of sheer terror. From the perspective of the film jarhead, I doubt one would want a war simulator "
"Once I unlocked the M4/M16 I found I could blitz pretty much every encounter using two snipers in the back with the bullpup sniper, three assault rifle guys at the start, and one or two medics inbetween with energy weapons/explosives I found that unless a large group of enemies were right next to me at the start of combat I'd have everything dead within 2-3 turns before any of the enemies could either get close or run to cover.  I tried a game where I tried to use handguns, shotguns, or SMGs and none of them ever gain the punch needed to really go through armor nor have the range needed.

The main draw for assault rifles is near sniper rifle range, near sniper rifle damage, with the ability for burst so they can reliably one shot anything that gets close with a burst.  As I stated at the start as soon as I got the M4 I started destroying everything and by the time I got to the M16 it just got even better for my favor."
"If GOG just wanted to bolster their own store (beyond the fact that any company would advertise their own platform before others), why would they be working with Steam and Origin and Humble Bundle and various other retailers? That theory holds no water. None of us know why CDPR didn't want to work with GMG, but frankly it's not really our business either."
Mistle's relationship is less romantic and more born of circumstances for Ciri iirc. She was pretty much emotionally detached from that whole venture iirc the books are pretty questionable regarding her sexual forays with Mistle. Not really selling it one way or another. 
"I'm gonna assume people misconstrued your project cars initials as personal computer, which would make the statement not make sense to them."
"Alarms are few and far between from my playthrough.  They exist, but only if you intend to rob everyone blind which isn't necessary."
My biggest issue was I had no clue how important certain skills were. Like is the stuff you get from lockpicking and safe cracking worth the points? Toaster Repair...wtf? Is there enough opportunities to talk your way out of things that the 3 *Ass skills are worth investing in?
"Shhhhhhh, let them focus on Cyberpunk 2077! Once that's out then we can start badgering them for Ciri based Witcher badassery."
"It's really easy to connect to online, that's why some people think they have been banned from singleplayer. A lot of people also want a reason to hate on Rockstar, which made a number of high scoring posts and comments based on misinformation.

I personally use SP mods, which I remove by exiting the game and deleting the files and I have no ban."
"Most likely it's actually going to be more like the Simpsons ride.  I spent my honeymoon in Universal last fall and most of their rides are a ""4d experience"" rather than an actual track and course because you can fit so much more in a smaller area.  "
"And there you have it. Just like I expected. People who got banned, got banned because they used mods in multiplayer. If you have a FOV mod you have an advantage in multiplayer, that other people don't have. If you use any dll injector, Rockstar can't know what mod you run. This is obvious and grants a ban. Rockstar are only banning for two weeks, so it's not too bad anyway. Just a whole lot of noise about nothing."
"It specifically says nobody has been banned for that.

&gt;no one has been banned for using single player modifications, and you should not worry about being banned or being relegated to the cheater pool just for using single player PC mods."
"You cannot tell what a DLL injector is doing, so those will always be rightly banned in online. Rockstar should fix the FOV though"
"Assault rifles end up doing nearly as much damage as sniper rifles, with nearly the same range while costing less AP, plus they have the ability to burst fire. "
"I'm just curious why so many people that hate Nintendo, care so much about how they're doing financiallly? If their games bore you, if you don't care about amiibos, if the Wii U is so shitty and underpowered, why fret? 

I just don't understand why the hate is so obsessive. Every. Single. Thread."
"It seems the price reduction has already taken effect. The big difference I am noticing is that the GOTY Edition is now only $49.99, that is down from around $70 before."
"IMO the weapon packs should be $1 each, that is how much I paid in the last steam sale.  but this is much better than the $5+ for those.

this is a good step though. permanent price reductions are a good thing."
"The maker of Falskaar didn't make the mod for money, he made it for recognition so he would have something HUGE for his resume.

As for everything the fuck else, I only bought Skyrim for mod support, because Oblivion had tons of mods, and Fallout 3, and fucking New Vegas. The ONLY reason I buy Bethesda games at all is so I can mod the shit out of them. If It would cost me another $20 to get extra basic functionality that should be in the base to begin with I would never buy the game in the first place."
"Then again, if GMG didn't get keys from CDPR because they are well-known for undercutting their competition by selling for less than the endorsed price at launch... Well then that's kind of their own fault, is it not?

The issue with getting keys from other retailers is that those are probably only approved to sell keys to customers and not approved to sell keys to other retailers - so CDPR may no longer be obligated to accept the key which would lead to sad faces indeed."
"This game looks so cool, but to be honest I'm surprised there aren't more complaints in here about pretty much all the multiplayer stuff in this video.

For a start Gear Abilities sound awful, and I really thought that Nintendo would be one of the few companies that wouldn't give in to this bullshit trend of giving people who've grinded for longer a statistical advantage in their loadout. It's possible this is only for single player, since they did mention previously that gear would be separate for single/multiplayer, but the fact that the HUD shows Level and Turf Inked stats alongside the gear doesn't fill me with confidence...

Next, in online games you can only choose from 2 stages, which are swapped out every 4 hours? Maybe this is just terrible wording, but if it is what it sounds like, what in the fuck are they thinking? Why would you limit the maps you can play on to only two for such a long amount of time!? That means if you get an hour or two to play in the evening you're most likely only gonna be able to repeatedly play 2 maps that entire time, or 4 at most if you get lucky and the map selection switches half way through. This is just completely insane, I cannot imagine how anyone thought this was a good idea.

Randomising teams after every game is also pretty stupid. I could understand if they were at least doing some kind of autobalancing, but randomly swapping people is just going to ruin games where both teams are already evenly matched. To make it even worse, you can't even stay together with friends in a party, and might randomly be put against them when you join them? How do Nintendo manage to consistently deliver online experiences worse than things we got *10 years ago*? It seems they are going to add proper team matchmaking and custom game options later, but that's only coming in August, and who knows if anyone'll even be playing it after 3 months...

The difference in game modes between Standard and Ranked games also seems bizarre, I can't really see any reason not to just let the player choose whether they want to play Ranked or Unranked AND the game mode they want to play. Plus no-one can play Ranked games until enough people worldwide have reached level 10? There seem to be a whole bunch of random restrictions in place that just don't make any sense in this game, and it's not like they're even the dumb ways of protecting younger players that Nintendo games are often filled with. Not letting you choose between options the game already has is just... Crazy."
The guy that made OOO for Oblivion was hired by Obsidian and worked as a level designer on New Vegas and Pillars of Eternity.
"
&gt;Okay, and if you are a business trying to deal with a publisher trying to get their game on your site, but they are being difficult and wanting to support their own platform, you have no choice but to procure the product from somewhere else.

The Witcher 3 is sold on pretty much every other reputable distributor (Steam, Uplay, Humble Store, and many others). If it was just GOG selling it, that argument would hold up. "
"The article posted has wrong times.  The official times in the US are

  May 8 from 8:00 - 9:00 PM PT  ( 11 - Midnight ET)

  May 9 from 4:00 - 5:00 AM PT  ( 7 - 8 AM ET )

  May 9 from Noon to 1 PM PT ( 3 - 4 PM ET )"
I think that was kind of the point. It's a convenience mechanic. I personally didn't unlock the grappling hook until probably 20+ hours in to the game and by that time I was glad to have a quicker way to zip around the city.
"as usual people jumped the gun with these ridiculous claims that they were banning mods for SP. no shit they weren't. it might as well be the same situation with ENB and GTAIV where boris (creator of ENB) started making ridiculous claims that rockstar was trying to stop modding with the latest patch, and then made a hissy fit about how he wasn't going to update the ENB for the newest versions. turns out all rockstar did was change shadows which accidentally broke his mod.

now rockstar, wouldn't it just be easier for you just to add the ability to have the max FOV changed from 80 to 90 at least please? considering a modder did it the day after release, it will make everyone happy. it would make FP mode more playable, especially on online. i really hope they do this, it's quite strange to see they haven't properly acknowledged this yet."
"My dad was playing the singleplayer game with the trainer to fuck around.

He's not been banned, and if their .dll detection system does pick up singleplayer it's clearly not working that way; most people are probably bullshitting because they're not ready to get shitblasted by the community for hacking (and as a result are too self conscious about their opinion on the internet)
"
yesssss. I watch that trailer every once in awhile to remind myself of that game. Can't wait to see more
"Because GTA V isn't Black Ops 2. Forking the game into two separate applications after the game has already been made would take thousands of man-hours and tens of thousands of dollars, on top of the massive number of new and regressing issues that would slip through QA.

I swear, the amount of armchair game developers and software engineers on /r/games is at critical mass."
It's actually really fast if you just start a closed session and invite only your friends -- I only found it slow when trying to join random public sessions.
"Absolutely. Rockstar seems to be able to identify if a player is using mods/.dll injection right out of the gate, I don't see why they couldn't prevent modded players from connecting to online in the first place."
"You clearly have not heard Bruce Greenwood's Batman. He is easily the second best Batman. He has been amazing in some of the newer DC animated films. Yes he is no Conroy, but he is still great. He nails the brooding gruffness perfectly. "
"I thought the animus was a cool way to explain all the ""video game"" aspects of the world, like the HUD, etc. It also covered a lot of the historical inaccuracies during the time periods shown. I also really liked the idea of playing the ideal way makes you in ""sync"" with what your ancestor actually did. 


That being said they really botched the modern day story and it's obvious they have no idea what to do with it. "
"&gt; Sidenote: Why the fuck didn't they use those DLC-sized quest mods that landed people jobs, aren't those the ones you would want to use to demonstrate paying for mods?

Because anything that has voice acting or any actual effort put into it from multiple people and tools is gonna be a nightmare to make legal to buy going from free. Everyone is gonna need payments, agreements, contracts, licenses and the likes.

That was one of the biggest problems with this idea."
Well in PCars career you choose career and then you have to race through the ranks. You sign on to teams who buy the cars. Like real life.
"With new footage being released every second day I think I'll have seen the entire game before I get to play it.

Offtopic: Would you guys risk buying the game with a HD 7850 GPU? It's slightly under the minimal requirements."
"I honestly didn't find John Banks' voice that great :/ 

His unique droning voice is so perfect on BB &amp; BCS because you see his face and body language. 

That's lost in voice acting. 

And Ashley Greene - while smokingly hot ends up being the same problem that Stana Katic was in Arkham City as Talia. 
Not all that great. 

And like @garula wrote, why get someone other than Kim Brooks? She was brilliant! I refuse to believe that she would be more expensive than Ashley Greene. "
"I still maintain that Bridge Commander is the best Star Trek game ever made (Elite Force is up there as well), and I hope they release it on GOG."
This makes me wonder about the Dead Island 2 delay.  Maybe they're taking note of what worked better in Dying Light. 
I just wish you could make your own game so you can fuck around with your friends with these mods. Freeze my character or something! The mods I have been seeing on youtube are hilarious and would be so much fun with your friends.
"If a modder did it and 30% of the time it doesn't work, it's fine. 


If R* did it and 0.5% of the time it fails, they will be the worst company of all time, equal real with ubi and EA"
"I think the majority of people who claimed ""I only use mods in singleplayer and I was banned in GTA: O"" totally don't understand how Rockstar's cheat detection works.

If you have the mod loaded into the game files and log into GTA: O, as far as Rockstar is concerned, you are using a modification.  They don't care if you never opened up the trainer menu in GTA:O.  If you want to play GTA: O, just use the mod launcher to make sure that all mods are disabled before going online."
"The issue is probably that when they install these mods, they forget to turn them off when they go online. Even though the person isn't actually using the mod online, the servers pick up that some code is running that shouldn't (after all I believe with the trainer, it has to run code to detect whether someone is activating it), and then autobans the person for hacking.

Of course Rockstar's servers can't tell the difference between a FOV mod and one that spawns infinite money."
I just want them to give the franchise a rest. They built up an awesome trilogy and tossed it out the window when the games were selling so well.
Yea I can see that. I thought Black Flag was a breath of fresh air when that came out in regards to the rest of the franchise though.
"That's basically how it was in IV. It would say if a game was modded or not, and if you tried to join an unmodded game with mods, it wouldn't let you in."
"I'm also puzzled by how much they are doing to essentially keep friends separate from each other in a team based online multiplayer game.  

No chat and shuffling teams really just tells me that I'm not supposed to play with my friends online.  "
"It shouldn't though. It would be like watching a french film when you don't speak french, then bemoaning the fact that you didn't understand anything. In both cases, its absolutely not the fault of the film/game.

A better example would probably be getting a console player (or just anyone that has no experience with m+kb) to review a game like Half-Life 2. They could complain about the controls, slap a 6 on the end of the review and call it a day, but it wouldn't be professional. And thats what these guys are supposed to be."
"The problem is they say that they have direct relationships with every publisher whose product they sell, and that they are officially authorized to sell all of those products. 

What they're talking about there is exactly what they did with the Witcher. They're saying that they don't acquire keys from third parties. It's not an issue of legality, though. 

The issue this is meant to avoid is that although third party keys may be legal, that doesn't mean the publisher will treat them equally. They might choose not to provide support to customers that buy from the unauthorized source, for example. The entire point of GMG's guarantee is so you know you won't have to worry about any of that."
"That's what I was thinking, too. Although if they can tell if you've got a mod running as you enter online, how hard would it be to just warn the player first before a ban is enacted?"
"Which indicates just that, not that they wanted to reduce competition. There may have been some behind the scenes nonsense that made GMG undesirable to CDPR, but I doubt it was just competition."
"Why do racing games get reviews with complaints on difficulty? FIFA review 9/10 ""this year is great new hardcore dificulty and even more complicated controls"". Souls game 9/10 ""only for hardcore players or else u will cry, great."" Car game review 6/10 ""great game but my gran mother crashed all the time, Why is the game so hard?"" "
"To be honest, AC: Unity is actually pretty great too, as was Rogue. I only started playing Unity last month so the bugs were all worked out. The game itself is different and really beautiful. The story is fine, and I honestly don't mind that they're not on the same story. It was convoluted and pointless. Telling smaller stories about Assassins vs. Templars can be more fun, but I agree that they definitely need work in that department.

I'm not going to say the series wouldn't benefit from instead coming out every two years, but they released two games last year and I had fun playing both of them."
"Allowing paid mods kills off whatever audience the modding scene had, we're talking about an audience that already despises microtransactions and horse armor

Plus it's not killed because ""paid mods"" it's killed becuase paywalls on mods, with such a minuscule profit for modders there's barely any motivation to dedicate full time to a paid mod, if anything and it was documented throught he whole debacle, the paid mod workshop got abused into oblivion with stolen mods"
"Exactly, being able to get into a game with your friends, stay with them, and talk to them while you play is the standard now, and has been for years even on consoles. I don't know if it's because online multiplayer isn't as much of a thing in Japan or something, even on the PS4, but you'd think that Nintendo would at least take a look at what competitors offer."
"Ah, sexually flexible as well. Love the books, but man, the basic summary of her character really does sound like a Mary Sue."
"The sad thing is they have options for invite only (friends/crew) and solo online sessions. If I start up one of those, I should have the option to allow mods."
"It seems like most of the people who claim to have only 'used mods' in single player, and been banned, are confused. What they don't realise is that if the mod is simply pasting a file into the right directory, the game is going to load that whether you're playing singleplayer or multiplayer. Even if you don't use the abilities the mod gives you, it's still loaded by the game, you're still 'using mods', and it's still going to be detected if you're playing online. You need to actually remove any extra files before playing online if you don't want to be banned."
"Self-insert character by the author... or as the internet generally comes to think of it as a silly, overwrought or overpowered character. 

Ciri absolutely sounds like a silly character when you list everything down at once, but the vast majority of this comes organically in the novels and they tend to poke fun at the ridiculousness of her story anyway. A lot of her story is really more tragic than fanciful anyhow. "
did I just seem him wearing plate armour? strange for geralt but hey now im really excited to see the armour options
"As someone who ran an online store for a number of years, I have a clause with a lot of suppliers that prevents me from selling the goods to other re-sellers (knowingly), only to end-users. So they might be illegitimate in that sense.

Anyway, it's possible that GMG wanted CDP to give them a better deal than any other retailer got, and CDP said no. Can you blame CDP for not wanting to give one retailer a deal better than anyone else got, or for not wanting to see their game 35% off before it's even released?

I personally don't remember seeing AAA games 35% off from legitimate retailers (meaning ones that have direct deals with the publisher) before they're even released. 35% discount for one of the biggest releases of the year is huge."
"This is one of two misconceptions I often see about bullet hell games (the other being stuff like ""zomg you must be an asian cyborg can you dodge rain omg""), the idea that the games are simply about memorization. I mean, of course memorization and learning strategies does play an important role, but there's still a large execution factor and plenty of [on-the-spot reaction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bc07psNZbJo). Compare it to something like Super Meat Boy - the levels are the same every time, but even though you can technically memorize exactly what to do it could still take you dozens of tries even after doing so because it's simply difficult to execute everything you set out to do.

The controls in Touhou and other shmups are even simpler but there's still a very similar execution factor. For example, in [here](https://youtu.be/pGzWWQvKJOs?t=418) you should realize pretty quickly that you need to make sharp movements occasionally to create gaps in the bullets to move through, but you still have to do that and move through the gaps quickly enough to not get clipped by the lasers from behind and not trap yourself against the edge of the screen either (granted, this particular spellcard isn't terribly difficult but hopefully you get the point). And that's before throwing in the RNG factor, of which Touhou has quite a bit compared to some other shmups like, for example, most of CAVE's games. The spellcards are always in the same order but the exact bullet trajectories differ from game to game - [here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-LvcuPxep0) one example where the RNG factor is especially high.

Really, bullet hells aren't all that different from other shmups in their basic design except that they've got more (and in the case of Touhou, usually slower) bullets and smaller hitboxes. Beating them relies heavily upon both memorization and execution, just like most challenging games in general."
"If anyone is wondering just how big Touhou is in Japan, take a look at ZUN's VGMDB page.

http://vgmdb.net/artist/1

His music is incredible and it's even more incredible what other people do with it."
Lots of people think it's because online mods would interfere with their p2w-esque system they go going on right now. I'm inclined to agree. 
"The side-effect of this system is that those who play alone, or only those who play with one other person will be at a disadvantage to those who play in a full team of 4. This isn't very fun when the matchmaking system doesn't properly account for the advantages gained when playing with a full party.

It's hard to balance a game when one team has planned strategies, and full communication, while the opposing team may be slightly more skilled individually, but lacks teamwork. 

So for the random shuffling/auto-balancing of teams, I look forward to it. If the game has under ~500k players daily, then this is the only matchmaking decision that will keep the game fun for the majority of players. If the game can sustain over 500k daily then yea, doing more polished matchmaking would make sense.

But their plan is to have a minimum of 3 different queues for players. If each type of game is fun, then the player base is being split 3 different ways, which already restricts how well the matchmaking system can be made.

"
"Be skeptical, but also don't underestimate the effort. I find it funny when people assume things one way or the other - it could be an easier solution than /u/fredwilsonn explained, but i don't think s/he's orders of magnitude off.

At the very least, even if the code was relatively easy, it would still require significant QA cycles. The man hours add up fast for this type of stuff."
"[I encourage People to actually look at the Investor Relations Doc](http://www.nintendo.co.jp/ir/pdf/2015/150507e.pdf). Nintendo isn't doing well because of the new 3DS or the Wii U turning around, or even Amiibos. Sales are down 3% from last year (which in turn were down 10% from the previous year).

What made Nintendo return to profitability is the Yen to USD exchange rate has changed from ~100 Yen = 1 USD to ~120 Yen = 1 USD. So for every sale in America and 'foreign' markets, Nintendo is making 20% more income.

That's good, but it's hardly a strong position considering the Yen could strengthen again."
"I have to be honest, I've been a huge fan of the franchise since day one. 
I personally dislike unity BUT... this is the setting I've been waiting for and that hand looks sick."
"**What people really want:** A whole chunk of Universal devoted to Nintendo-themed attractions, similar to the Harry Potter area.

**What people think will come:** Attractions based off Nintendo's IPs sprinkled throughout Universal. Mario, Metroid, Zelda, etc.

**What will most likely happen:** A single Mario-themed (or several IPs shoehorned into one ""World of Nintendo"") attraction with a Nintendo-themed gift shop."
"FYI there are a few 3rd party online servers being worked on now that won't have the restrictions of the official rockstar ones.

Edit: such as http://multiv.mp/ and http://fivem.net/"
"While Conroy's performance as Batman is amazing, I do think that most people have simply heard him for so long that they associate the voice with the character. Anyone else can do it, but it'll sound alien to people, like if a friend of colleague's voice were to change. When Conroy retires, I do think Greenwood will be the primary one to take up the mantle."
"Actually, if you debug GTA, you'll see that the only time the function call for checking for dll injection is during multiplayer. So yeah, they don't check you in single player "
"I disagree, I don't think there's any point in having a fast travel system because the running around and dealing with zombies is the entire game, you would eliminate both things and just make it boring."
"&gt; you can never be too sure if anyone telling the truth

""Riot banned me for no reason! I was just trying to provide helpful, kind feedback to my teammates and they all reported me!""

""Valve VAC-banned me and said I was wall-hacking and I totally wasn't!""

""Blizzard banned me for no reason! I never used gold-farming bots!""

Considering how often those statements are true, you actually *can* feel pretty confident that the recent flood of complaints were largely false. GTA:O was exploding with cheaters and all of a sudden people are claiming they're being banned for innocent single player mods? Sure thing, kids."
"Usually not a fan of Super Bunny but god he nailed that video. After listening to TBs bullshit rant which clearly showed how delusional and clueless people are when it came to modding it's nice to hear a person that actually modded create a proper response.     
      
Edit: I've mistaken SuperBunnyHop for someone else, I like SuperBunny"
[Here's a list](http://www.reddit.com/r/paydaytheheist/comments/356s6z/the_meltdown_heist_price_reductions_bsides/cr1kbhc) with all the new prices.
"I agree with you about Johnathon Banks. He is a great actor and I loved him in BB/BCS/Community, but he doesn't feel right as Gordon.

His voice is a bit too deep and grumbling to play someone who is always shown as the definition of a 'good guy'. I feel Banks would be better suited to the characters that have a dark edge to them like Harvey Bullock, or an older Batman.

Maybe I will warm up to him when I hear him in game, but I remember the first time I heard Gordon speak in an earlier video I thought to myself ""Is Batman talking to himself?"" because his voice doesn't match my idea of what Gordon is."
They are most likely testing heavy load. Hence the small time frames. They want everyone to pile on and break it more than they want them to play it right now.
"I still think that the 25th game had a most brilliant and frankly under-used gameplay element. A complete game broken up into smaller episodes where all your choices in an episode lead to a lot of different endings for each episode rather then the usual Bioware, all your choices lead to two different endings which you really chose just before the main boss fight.

Each episode played like a TV episode but your actions determined the outcome, red-shirt dies to perfect peaceful resolution. And then the next episode started. No long drawn out story line, no ""but what happened to X will it be resolved in the DLC"", no you played an asshole the entire game, want to be a saint right before the end?

You went the extra mile, you got a better resolution, you made a wrong call, your red-shirt dies. But in managable chunks not DA:I ""what was the story again, I got side tracked collection statues"". 

Judgement rites was good too but sadly added an over-arching plot which to me at least ruined it a bit. The short condense tv episodes were a very nice change to typical gaming stories."
"We used to do this in Dark Forces 2 back in the day.  People would make hacks, called cogs if I remember correctly, and wed have big hacker battles on the premier online gaming service, Microsoft Zone.

For example, I remember one that would make your target spin in place at insane speeds.

God I feel old."
"I think around 6:35-7:10 he hit the nail on the end. The *greater context* of all this matters. People are already hard pressed for cash, and even if you're well off and doing alright gaming can be a very expensive hobby. Trying to nickle and dime your customers out of something they previously were getting for free, when they're already struggling to meet basic ends, is a very quick recipe to have your costumers turn on you."
"So is flying a jetliner, or piloting a submarine, or flying through space and managing your trade empire or driving a truck to delivery goods and yet there are games for both of those. While The X series, Silent Hunter and flight sim games are niche, they all have a feature to speed up time during duller sections, and Euro Truck sim is pretty popular and fun for what it is. 

There is no reason at all that a more realistic (but doesn't have to be a simulator like Arms or DCS) age of sail game cannot be made fun. There ware ways to speed up the travel time if desired, you have a ship of people (Black Flag has your crew sing sea shanties for further entertainment), and other ways to make it fun.

Arma and Project Reality for BF2 aresims and yes they can be dull at tines and aren't for everyone, but they are fun games and working together with other people is what makes them a lot of fun. Kind of like MMOrpgs, except with vastly better gameplay mechanics."
I thought the whole point of this conversation is that many don't want to buy shady keys at discounted prices...
"That's the thing isn't it? GMG seems to have built itself around offering higher discounts than other authorized sellers while staying away from grey market practices like G2A and Kinguin do. Why CDPR chose not to sell to GMG is another thing, but the decision to essentially go around CDPR is kind of baffling.

 They built a brand around being a trusted, authorized seller, and then damaged it by going around the dev/publisher on what is possibly 2015's largest game. Maybe the short term profits will be worth it, and there won't be much backlash on GMG. I just don't know if the risk was worth it."
Because that would be  the perfect tool for a cheat developer. Slight change -&gt; try to launch -&gt; repeat. 
"He specifically mentioned that the 25% was too low and the valve was a little greedy, but was overall in favor of the paid modding system. He was in favor of the system because he makes money off of things that people consider ""free"""
"Not really. This is obviously not a play test for the enjoyment of the consumer, and that is fine. Hopefully that happens in the form of a longer beta or a demo. 

This seems to be purely for testing load. If you're not down for that fine."
"If they were to be banned it wouldn't be FROM singleplayer, the worry was that using mods in single player caused a multiplayer ban.  

It turns out that's not the case.  "
"I don't know. PC gaming seems to be one of the cheapest hobbies I know, at least if you don't insist on the newest and shiniest toys. The PC itself costs quite a lot but it has uses beyond gaming."
"If there is one thing that only slightly bothers me about this game so far is how expressionless Geralt looks when fighting. If there is something to take away from Shadow of Mordor, it's character expression when fighting. I mean look at how bored Geralt looks at 0:42, it's a very minor thing and not that significant in the long run but still would have been nice to see."
"Man, they really are marketing this goddamn batmobile aren't they. I felt like it was awkward when a trailer about the voice acting also has the voice actors pitching in their two cents about the batmobile of all things and out of nowhere."
"Your also warning cheaters that their software is detectable and they'll warn others. Generally developers like to find out about a cheat, collect details on people using it then mass ban them in a single wave."
I do because what other franchise is creating beautiful open worlds based on periods in history for me to explore? 18th century Paris was amazing and worth it for me alone. The game around it was fine too but if they want to just create world's like London or Paris or make a 1950s LA. Any history period I will pay $60 a year to play it. 
I'll buy it every year if they keep making world's like 18th Century Paris for me to explore. Story is irrelevant to me with AC. I just play to explore a period in history. No other franchise is doing that.
"eBay is a grey market. There is nothing bad ass about grey markets, yard sales are grey markets in the wild..."
"Yeah I also believed that a lot of those ""BUT I ONLY MODDED SP"" were either bullshitting, or went online by accident.

Shame the community still jumps on the bandwagon so fast though, as it has happened numerous times before, where hackers and idiot start stirring up a storm because they were banned for a legitimate reason."
"I actually thought that was the worst part of the video, injecting some social commentary that didn't really fit. The reason for the death of the middle-class dream, and why it might not make sense for a lot of the younger generation to ever own their own houses or cars, isn't really dependent on paying a few dollars more or less for software frills."
"There used to be a few CS servers like this too. Fun times.

They still have it, its just called matchmaking now though."
"&gt;They're banning people for using .dll injectors though. Not because they're changing the fov.

Is there any other way to change the FoV to a decent setting?"
"Right. The USD is strong right now, so selling in America nets them more revenue in yen than before. But if the yen strengthens again, then they are back to where they not too long ago. "
They are still expected to put out big sales though... and when you take 80% off of one dollar... Not much remains.
"The thing is, they already have a slider that works properly. They just chose to set the max possible to an arbitrarily low value.

People with triple monitor setups are getting a decent FoV, which means it's in the game, which means it should be possible."
They are absolutely expanding the JP section. Saw a bunch of JP style electric fencing being put up behind a walled off section about a year ago.
"&gt;Somehow I suspect those clicking the dislike button did not bother to listen to the whole video. I dont think this is a good idea, at least not in the way they are implementing it o_o

-TotalBiscuit, top comment on his own video"
"As of now:

* Copy mod files into game directory if you want to play singleplayer
* If you want to play GTA:O, exit the game completely, delete the mod files from the game directory, start the game again"
"See, here we go. Being against paid-modding is not the same as seeing themselves entitled to partaking in mods. 

I'm against paid-modding for more or less the exact same reasons that Bunnyhop brought up but in no way do I feel I have a right to mods. What I do feel is that a paid-modding system is gonna incetivise resource stealing and pirating while inhibiting co-operation and community association. It's more or less gonna ruin the modding community for a baseline of modders getting basically nothing and Valve and Bethesda making a killing of a shared 75% revenue. Revenue which is basically pure profit for the companies.

Wouldn't it be better to lobby the companies to pay highly popular mods since they actually to make people buy the games in the first place. 

Absolutely consumers aren't entitled to mods but modders are neither entitled to the consumers hard worked-for cash. 

I all just feel like an unnecesary imposed ~~dikotomi~~ dichotomy of modders against consumers and vice versa when the eye could easily be focused on the real devils of the deal. The actual companies that wanna get the money but don't want to do any work for it.

How about it?"
"The #1 problem I have with paying for mods is simpy the lack of quality control.

A modder already has to spend a significant time simply, well, modding the game. More often than not, they have more will to simply add new stuff before making sure everything works correctly.


If I'm paying an unfair price for most mods (20% of  the base game price for something that doesn't even add 1/10th of the content is not oay) and they don't even get proper quality control...I'm going to be pissed.
"
"The lack of Amiibos is causing it, and they set how many were made. That said, you can't blame Nintendo for staring off slow as there was no guessing how much it would take off. I'd make the same call about a new product that doesn't do as much as sky landers. Amiibo oversaturaion could sink Nintendo deeper."
"I still think paid modding is a great idea, by setting up a market where modders can spend more time and energy modding, the mods that come out can be better, and people who want to do it for the love and release their mods for free are still able to do it.

Their mistake, however, was introducing it into a mod community for a game that was already well established and very set in their ways. It should have come out alongside some major mods for a newly released game, so people wouldn't feel like something was being ""taken away"" from them."
"They could have a totally separate sandbox mode with no persistent characters, no missions, and no leveling. Just the open world with friends so you can fuck around"
"Needs new UI, needs a way to freeze characters, needs lots of extra things that aren't necessarily easy to do. Not that they can't but it's not like tweak a few settings and you have a new feature, it would probably require a good deal of work."
"Why is it that every time something related to overkill or payday 2 is mentioned, shitstorms start to appear. Just look at that karma graveyard."
"I've always felt like Skyrim was a terrible place to start the modding monetization. 

I don't mod Skyrim, nor have I modded Bethesda games by and large. But I love mods, my gaming adolescence was with Half Life mods...and HL2 modding is the place Valve should have looked at monetization. 

Look at [Fortress Forever](http://store.steampowered.com/app/253530/?snr=1_7_7_230_150_1), [D.I.P.R.I.P](http://store.steampowered.com/app/17530/?snr=1_7_7_151_150_1), [Eternal Silence](http://store.steampowered.com/app/17550/?snr=1_7_7_151_150_2), [Half Life 2 Update](http://store.steampowered.com/app/290930/?snr=1_7_7_151_150_2), and [Dystopia](http://store.steampowered.com/app/17580/)

These are total conversions. These aren't just adding weapons or armor to a game, they are almost completely separate games in their entirety (alright, I'll hear your dissent on HL2 Update.) And my belief is that the teams working on these should be able to monetize them. 

But when I say monetize, I mean it should be easier for these mod makers to transition into sales similar to former mods such as [Insurgency](http://store.steampowered.com/app/222880/) or [Garry's Mod](http://store.steampowered.com/app/4000/). 

These types of mods and mod-to-retail games are where I think the discussion lies, and where I think improving the pipeline for a developer to get paid for their time should lie. Not a modding scene that has everything from weapon reskins to completely new areas under the same umbrella as ""mods."" 

Maybe that's where the real discussion should be centered? "
"I have always wanted to give Sims 4 a shot, but that shit is a racket. $40 for the base game and another $40 for its expansion ""Get to work"". Then of course any subsequent expansions will cost about the same. If it's anything like the previous ones you're going to spend upwards of $1000 just to get the entire experience before Sims 5 comes out. "
"I suspected the people giving anicdotal evidence about being banned for mods in SP were either lying or didn't understand how detection worked.

For those wondering how to disable mods when you go online, Script Hook V mods are automatically disabled but if you want to be sure and/or have other mods that don't rely on Script Hook V you can use [this guide I wrote](https://www.reddit.com/r/GTAV_Mods/comments/34vmwu/how_to_write_a_batch_script_to_disableenable_mods/) which uses a bash script to rename and/or move your mods.

Edit: never mind [there is now a tool for this.](https://www.reddit.com/r/GrandTheftAutoV_PC/comments/34yeee/gta_v_launcher_enabledisable_mods_by_bilago/) It's still useful to know how to do it though as it works on other games."
Because having people play on private servers with cheats/mods means people wouldn't be playing on their vanilla servers and therefore not buy their microtransactions.
"Except that would be complete bullshit, as researchers in economics tend to use income to housing values as a means to evaluate access to real estate, not whether or not people are spending peanuts on video games."
"This whole kerfuffle over paid mods reminds me of something Yahtzee said in a review, about how the evil thing to do would be to lure in everyone with a facade of benevolence and once they've built up overwhelming public confidence, then BAM! –off-world slavery.  Valve has opened up a big can of worms that they can't close. You have to wonder what would have happened if they or some other company launched a program with more “reasonable” terms and slowly but surely got gamers used to the idea of paid mods, like how micro-transactions are slowly leaking leaking from mobile and F2P to the mainstream, or day-one DLC and pre-order bonuses, or season passes/GOTY editions that don't even give you all the content. At some point the people that do pay will “outvote” everyone who does not. I hope things never get to the point where I have to pick and choose between which mods I want or wait a few years for a sale to enjoy a game. Without any guarantee of long term support, compatibility or quality control, mods are a tough sale. "
https://www.reddit.com/r/GrandTheftAutoV_PC/comments/34yeee/gta_v_launcher_enabledisable_mods_by_bilago/
"Short answer: lossless audio. To be honest, triple A games are getting to be around that size, even more with DLC. Get used to it :/"
"Sims 4 has an extremely good core. The base game is very well crafted and made, it just lacks content. It's like going to a restaurant and ordering some of the best cheesecake you have ever had in your life, yet the slice has been cut so thin that there isn't much there and your still left hungry. "
"This is the problem with the gaming Oligopoly. All the stores are mostly run by game developers and have little incentive to competitively price games as it hurting a competitor ultimately also hurts them over time. 

GMG being shunned from the market for actually being competitive is something they should be respected for by the gaming community. The fact that gaming companies refuse to deal with them should reflect negatively on that company due to them only supplying companies willing to engage in price fixing.

GMG isn't the villain here. They are the underdogs trying to shake up the system. "
"This right here. Each game's story was never anything to write home about(though I did enjoy Rogue's), but god damn do I love the settings and gameplay."
I assume it's only a matter of time before someone reverse engineers the server protocol and makes private servers available.
"Gives hackers an open invitation to test their cheats and tools to skirt passed those checks.

If you look at companies like Blizzard or Valve, they stick you on a list and ban in waves at random times.  This is so the people making the hacks and cheats can't see what works and what doesn't work.  Your cheat can work just fine for 3 or 4 months and then you log in one day and find out you're banned."
"This is probably a dumb question, but do Bioware points count as virtual currency? I want some Mass Effect dlc, but those points never seem to go on sale, at least to my knowledge."
"It's a 20gb download. During installation it unpacks the compressed audio files, which expands the sizr to 50gb."
"Since I'm dumb, does this mean that, say, Dragon Age: Inquisition, normally priced at $59.99, goes to $39.99 through the sale, and then to $29.99 after the code, or $24.99 after the code?"
"So, Bioware Points are as always not part of the sale, they're still the only way to buy DLC for their games on PC, and it's all still ludicrously expensive. They're just going to unashamedly milk those franchises forever I guess."
If I bought a $50 game every day for a year it would be 18000-ish.  Barely a down payment on a decent house.  Since no one in does that I think it's fair to say gaming budgets are not related to the death of middle class home ownership
"Because there's a massive amount of people on both sides of the fence when it comes to Overkill.

A lot of people hate the shit out of them, and a lot of people refuse to admit they can do any wrong and are perfect devs. "
"I think it is mainly about the DLC. People hate the shit out of Overkill because of the ton of paid dlc, while on the other fence, people are saying the the DLC is fair and the dlc practices are fair."
"On the bright side, such a small window for the demo allows for the potential buyers to all play at once. It serves as a funnel to make sure you will always have opponents to play against in that window."
The thing is Valve has gotten people slowly into accepting monetizing user content. The thing is they underestimated how different Skyrim mods and TF2/CS:GO items are.
"What I don't understand is why everyone else feels they even have a say in it. Whether I like paid mods is irrelevant. I don't have the right to be able to tell a person 'You can not sell your labor', nor do I have a right to tell a game company 'You can not license your game'.

And I certainly don't have the right to define what 'mods' are, and what mods are worthy of monetization or not. "
"I love all the dlc but it really turns me off when I buy a dlc, and before I can even get the full play out of it, they release two more."
"I stopped playing Mass Effect 2 halfway through because I didn't want to pay $150+ in DLC.

I really wanted to get to the party on the citadel. Sadly it's gonna be 20 whatever dollars forever."
"I don't want to play the same damn game again, I wanna play a new game that looks prettier and has a new story but plays the same. "
"&gt; All the people who bought the game hoping to be able to fuck around with friends using mods paid money expecting to be able to do just that. 

They had no reason to think that was a possibility though. "
"SBH mentions the next Unreal Tournament which will from the ground up be designed to support monetizable mods.

UT will be both a brand new game *and* the base game will be free. I believe this has a much better chance to work. Actually this has already worked and for none other than Valve. HL and HL2 have had tons of mods and a few have been successfully turned into full paid games.

Paying 60$ + dishing more for tiny mods is hard to digest but is I pay 0$ for UT and 10$-20$ for a tactical shooter total conversion (for example) than to me that's another thing.

If basically turns the game into a free game + engine + SDK and a market for small games made with that. Judging from HL/HL2 and even the original UT mods I've played, some are more interesting than others but general the focus was a interesting gameplay changes instead of horse armour.
"
The only way I could justify what I spent on DLC for those games was that I had bought the main games so cheap (around $5 each) and had logged so many hours in that I felt it was right to give them money to make up for that. The cost is insane regardless.
"I know it gets crapped on for being boring, but I found the sailing aspects in Wind Waker super relaxing. "
"That was hands-down the worst moment in any video game I have ever enjoyed.  Yay!!  We won this huge battle and it was super exciting!  Wait, what?  I have to make small talk with the head of IT and go through orientation for new employees?  The fucking objective was ""find your cubicle"" for fucks sake."
"Actually, thanks to the game's fantastic UI design, you technically can't start a new closed session from the online mode.

You have to load the game into story mode first, then go into the Online menu - you can start a closed session from there.

The game will then put you into free-roam all by yourself - you can invite friends as needed. From my experience, it will then keep you in that same free-roaming instance between missions, so you don't need to wait 2 minutes after a mission ends to move on. Your group *should* stay together as well, but in my experience sometimes it bugged out and I had to re-invite people."
I would have if I bought them out of the gate. But they're all two-three *plus* years old. That's what makes me so angry.
"Not a fan of Super Bunnyhop? Of course I'm not criticizing your opinion and I certainly respect it, but may I ask why? I never even conceived there was something to not like about his videos. He's one of few properly educated journalists in youtube that review games and the industry in general. 

There's so many channels of people that think that using an enriched vocabulary entitles their opinions to be considered valuable and thorough, even though they only spout nonsense. Super bunnyhop seems like the exception, in my book at least."
"Same. I don't understand why people hate this business model so much? There are no other 3rd person action adventure games centered around assassin's and parkour. Are you having fun waiting 4-5 years for the next installment of your favourite series? I get more of my favourite gameplay every year and I love it! 

I also will throw in that I feel it is different than CoD. CoD is online focused so needing to buy a new game every year hurts the player base, especially with their DLC practices. It is also an FPS, which is not unique in this day and age. "
It is like spending your vacation in a foreign country. you have to change your home-country currency into the foreign country currency and you always end up with less than before.
"If you watch some other footage released by the channels that got to preview the game, you can see the texture quality is still there. I don't why so many videos are inconsistent with the quality of the textures, but most of the higher quality videos still look amazing."
"There's nothing official yet, but it looks like Overkill are prepared to support Payday 2 for [2 more years.](http://ca.ign.com/articles/2015/03/24/overkill-will-keep-supporting-payday-2-for-two-more-years). From an article from [last year](http://gamerant.com/payday-3-features-teased/) we can guess that eventually a Payday 3 will be made if the financials are good. Take from those two links what you will. Take care."
"He had an in depth 2 hour discussion podcast with the head of Nexus and one of the bigger skyrim mods, where they all agreed Valve implemented the system poorly, but he general concept if properly implemented would be a positive move. "
"China Chronicles is a 2.5D platformer. 

Rogue is a brilliant game though, perfects Black Flag's mechanics and is a better game for it, but sadly it got a bad rap because of Unity's problems."
"Given the poor online performance of many games in recent years where servers simply can't handle the load, I see this as  a great bit of foresight. If they stress test against the heaviest likely scenario (everyone with a Wii U will probably try in those three hours to connect, it's a free beta after all) then the servers on launch should be prepared. Hopefully."
"- Stopping refugee asylum seekers
- Trying to form a cost effective way (that's not fibre) for better internet infrastructure
- education/health/roads
- corporate welfare for big mining corporations
"
"Actually, that was someone else in the call, think it was Nick. You can practically hear everyone rolling their eyes as soon as he compares pirates to terrorists."
"Not really. Today we got a free heist that is actually pretty darn fun, as well a new xp system and TONS of bug fixes."
God that looks fun. I can't wait until it's closer to release. I am a long-time Project Reality fan and no game really scratches that itch yet...until now.
"Bioware has never put their damn DLC nor Bioware Points on sale, a shame because that's what I've been dying for ever since 2013. People often complain about EA's prices, but fucking Bioware is insane with their dlc, ME3's multiplayer free DLC is amazing, but story's DLC is fantastic too, ***except it costs around $60***"
"Real annoying that EA games don't seem to have GOTY or complete editions anymore. Seems like the last one was for Dragon Age Origins.

Origin itself as a service is great, but the EA games feel like money pits. Haven't gotten any EA titles outside of Humble Bundles as a result in years, since the titles just feel like they are trying to milk you for all your money even if you wait years to pick up the game. "
"Depends what you mean by ""turn off."" When you go online, Rockstar's anticheat detects any modded files you have placed in the game folder, whether you actually activate the mod or not. All you have to do is remove the mod files from the folder before you go online.  "
"He wasn't arguing that buying mods for games is going to cause a significant difference. He was explaining, rightly so, that it's the greater mentality of our generation, which in many countries has been dubbed ""The lost generation"", that is at its core incompatible with the constant obligation to pay, pay, pay - especially when it comes to content that used to be free."
"For someone who never played the Batman games and is much more interested in medieval fantasy/LotR, Shadow of Mordor is fucking phenomenal. It's the first game in a long time to capture my attention and provide this much fun - sure I can see how it's a reskin (I've seen gameplay videos of the Batman games), but to be completely honest, I'm fine with it because it's just so goddamn fun to play."
"&gt; it just lacks content

That's debatable. For me, Sims 4's lack of an open world was a huge come down from Sims 3. I enjoyed being able to send my Sims to all corners of the map simultaneously with no loading screens. This wouldn't be possible in Sims 4. "
"Everybody keeps saying that using the FOV mod gives players an advantage, but if you have a tri-screen setup, you get a huge FOV using the vanilla game, so should that also not be allowed because of the advantage it provides?"
"Not going to say you're lying, my personal experience I don't have netcode issues unless someone is very far away. I play with other Americans and Canadians without any issue, the issues start to pop up with Australians and other people very far away, but most games have that problem when people are that far away from each other.

Let me just say that even when playing with people that far away it's still possible and I have done things like framing frame deathwish with them, I can't help but feel you're exaggerating a bit on the net code, it's better than a lot of games I've seen.

And yes, they have been putting a lot of effort into fixing bugs.

http://payday.wikia.com/wiki/PC_update_history_%28Payday_2%29"
"&gt; If you have a FOV mod you have an advantage in multiplayer, that other people don't have.

I disagree with this unless the game is restricted to first-person only in which case yes it is unfair. Otherwise, especially in free-roam, having a larger FoV is no more an advantage than the guy that can see around corners in third person."
"It's Everything Monetization Madness, really. My wallet is so exhausted, I stopped giving a shit. The paid mods idea is just the next victim of the all present money grap routine. ""Games used to come with bonus content, now everything is sold seperately"", ""DLC/Expensions used to be decent, now they are basically microtransactions"". In the future you can add to the list ""MODs used to be free, now the game comes with editors and the publisher takes a cut."" 

But let's face it: the content is just a few clicks away. For free. in a way it's only decency on my part that I give you money, but only if I can expect some of it in return... "
"I actually feel the opposite.  Look at how many mods show up for things like nude skins, alternate weapons, more hairstyles, or pretty character skins.  Four of the top ten mods on Skyrim Nexus are alternate weapon models, alternate armor models, alternate hairstyles, and updated blood textures.  In fact, only four of the top 25 mods of the past two weeks have anything to do with content.

I think in a matured mod market, you'd actually find content mods would end up even more scarce.  Once mod creators saw the reality that their 20+ hours of custom content with voice-acting and such made less money than someone's hairstyle pack, you'd see fewer interesting in creating the next big content mod."
"I think it's supposed to be less of a demo, and more of a stress test, just long enough so a bunch of people can jump on and break the servers."
You're behind. They fixed most of the major issues. You're complaining without accurate knowledge of the game. 
"For anyone that still hasn't bought it, I highly recommend **Battlefield 4**. It is an insanely cheap price for one of the best modern shooters out there."
"&gt; FOV mod you have an advantage in multiplayer

Except I can't even play first person with 70 FoV without feeling sick. 90 FoV is such a tiny advantage to begin with. IMO it's pretty dumb to be banned  for something that not only can other people already get with multi monitors, but something that actually makes that part of the game playable for me."
"I have been looking into getting into Battlefield now that I have a decent rig, would this be the time to do it?"
then you would reload the assets back into memory which would effectively just double your load time. huge waste of time. what they programmed isn't perfect but it isn't stupid either.
"Overkill is an... interesting developer.  They do things a lot different than traditional devs, and there is an upside and a downside to it.

For example, the last event was called The Hype Train and they released a bunch of free updates and content during it, including 2 heists, and 1 new character.

But, in order to unlock the 'free' stuff, the community had to buy DLCs which added 'hype fuel' and stuff was unlocked as hype fuel was accumulated.  

A lot of people didn't like this, seeing it as an obvious money grab.  Others saw it as a way for Overkill to subsidize the costs of development so that the people who could afford to pay would do so, but everyone gets the content.  My own thoughts on the matter are a bit complicated, and too much to go into without getting into a lot of details but this is just the kind of thing Overkill does."
"&gt; So if you open the online menu accidentally then you are automatically banned by Rockstar's anti-cheat system for modding your game.

To be fair certain mods like script hooks has scripts to prevent this...For example script hook will automatically CTD if someone tries to access online."
"&gt; In sims2 EA banned mods and made their own store, and that's how it's been ever since. 

This is simply not true. 

Sims 2 was released before microtransactions were a thing, and it had (some) official mod tools (Homecrafter for textures, Body Shop for clothes &amp; accessories) since day one, plus the awesome unofficial package editor/IDE [simPE](http://sims.ambertation.de/). Sims 2 had arguably one of the [largest mod scenes of any game ever](http://modthesims.info/browse.php?gs=1). In 2008 EA released [Sims 2: Store Edition](http://sims.wikia.com/wiki/The_Sims_2_Store_Edition) which had a micro-transaction store, but it was closed down before it even left beta.

Sims 3 had an official microtransaction store, but mods were definitely not banned. It was arguably a bit harder to mod (due to increased graphical fidelity, more complicated animation system and recolourable textures), but it still had [an official world editor](http://www.thesims3.com/game/tools/world) and a [shit ton](http://simswiki.info/wiki.php?title=Tutorials:TS3_ModdingTools#Modding_Tools) of third-party mod tools. [Mod The Sims](http://modthesims.info/browse.php?gs=2), the most popular mod site has tens of thousands of mods for TS3.

Like it's predecessor, Sims 4 has microtransactions, but on the other hand [EA promised mod support for TS4](http://simsvip.com/2014/08/04/the-sims-4-creators-camp-modding-masterclass/) before the launch of the game and [they delivered on that promise](http://forums.thesims.com/en_US/discussion/779844/maxis-documentation) (requires login) by releasing a 19-page modding guide, descriptions of their binary formats, and code samples. Since then, they've updated the tuning description files for each patch (source in the previous link). Additionally, Sims 4 has a wide variety of [unofficial modding tools](http://simswiki.info/wiki.php?title=Category:Modding_Tools_for_Sims_4), and naturally [quite a lot of mods](http://modthesims.info/browse.php?gs=4), including scripting mods and new models.

Don't get me wrong, I'm not happy about a lot of EA's business &amp; techincal decisions such as the pricing of microtransactions and expansion packs, the lack of open world and recolourable patterns in TS4, or the fact they're advertising their microtransactions within the in-game store. There are a lot of problems, but the lack of mod support in the Sims series is not one of them."
"looking at it again it wasn't plate, it was pieces of plate over a leather jerkin, no armour in the stomach as such so movement isn't impended."
"Yup. I originally played the trilogy for 360, and bought almost all of the DLC up until that point (all of the essential DLC except for ""Leviathan"" and ""Citadel,"" because those two hadn't come out yet). 

I'm not spending another $100+ on DLC. I won't. If Bioware/EA release a ME: Remastered edition that includes the trilogy with remastered graphics and the DLC included, then I'll buy it (even if it's $60 full price, no problem). But right now, buying DLC I've already paid for to simply play it on another system for the same price is a ridiculous concept. *ESPECIALLY* for the age of those games (3-5 years old). "
Why don't they make it so multiplayer just doesn't start if mods are detected instead of just outright banning you?
"&gt;the greater mentality of our generation

I didn't know we had one. Can you explain it further?

I thought the main problem for the younger generation was unemployment caused by loss of low skill jobs. Are you arguing that more entertainment must be free because of this? Shouldn't employment in monetized video, mod and game creation alleviate the problem of unemployment if anything?"
"With some recent quality fake ""leaks"" (Smash 4 Rayman), I would take this with a grain of salt. 

Much better quality of the video: [here](http://orig14.deviantart.net/e869/f/2015/127/9/b/medievil_2015_by_agb_media_2015-d8sj7g3.mp4)

Additionally a second video: http://youtu.be/vOg9HlHXC0Q"
I personally prefer 5 seconds of loading screen compared to waiting ~1 minute just see my Sim travel from A to B.
"That's just a massive can of worms that I'm too tired to discuss in depth now. Basically -

Pros of paid mods:

* Potentially higher quality mods
* More new mods created (in order to generate profit)
* Good motivation to get mods finished, especially large total conversions

Cons of paid mods:

* Division of modding community
* Inter-dependent mod networks collapse
* Splitting of knowledge between for pay modders and for free modders
* No accountability from mod authors to finish mods
* No real need to support mods
* Unable to test mods completely before return time expires, meaning potential wasted money
* Game updates may break mods
* More mods overall but less of them available unless users are willing to pay
* Potential reluctance to buy small mods; users may stick to larger, proven mods instead, neglecting smaller ones
* Potential copyright issues
* Stolen content rampant, very hard to solve without in-depth curation
* Cuts for modders will always be controversial
* Less free mods = less potential for new games, inc standalone mods or games derived from/inspired by mods"
"It sounds like Bethesda was the one to approach Valve, which is why it happened on Skyrim of all games. "
"I can't speak for the quality of Rogue, but I played Unity a few months after release, and I fucking hated it. Even ignoring the bugs and glitches and just focusing on the gameplay, I hated how they changed the combat from being ridiculously simple but flashy, to artificially difficult and ineffective. Initially I was glad when I learned that they'd changed the combat, because the combat in AC3 and 4 was so repetitive, easy, and not engaging at all. But after playing Unity for a while, I realised that rather than fixing it, they just inverted it; now it's unnecessarily difficult, slow and useless. Instead of overly long, flashy animations, we have one or two very repetitive animations playing over and over until you finally kill someone.

I know they did this to encourage stealth, and that approach would be fine if the stealth system wasn't so fucked. I'm not even gonna go into the stealth in depth right now, but needless to say that I shouldn't have to repeat one of the earliest missions countless times over because of unpredictable AI and awkward controls. 

The game just felt like it was lazily designed. Rather than packing it with a variety of meaningful content, the developers just drowned the minimap in collectibles (many of which you couldn't even collect without doing stuff outside of the game) and  copy-and-paste side missions, and they replaced all of the satisfying weapon, gadget, and cosmetic upgrades from ACII and Brotherhood with an incredibly dense list of random armor pieces and weapons, with miniscule stat differences. There was no sense of satisfying progression, and requiring that the player earn gameplay features such as countering, ledge assassinations etc. didn't help. The whole game just felt like artificial padding to me, like it was compensating for its lack of real content.

Finally, the aggressive and confusing micro transaction and aforementioned collectibles completely soured me on what little the game did right. It just felt like a corporate product, with zero passion, soul, or care put into it. Which is a huge shame, because honestly, the game does one thing incredibly well: its rendition of Paris is stunning. The presentation and size of the city is really impressive, and the number of ambient things going on at any random point really help bring it to life; its just a shame that this is often dragged down by visual glitches, frame drops, pop in, and that you can't interact with anyone or anything outside of killing guards. 

"
"For anyone who questions this - here's the actual cost breakdown for DLCs:

* $15 each: Citadel, Omega
* $9 each: Leviathan, From Ashes
* $4: Genesis 2 (interactive backstory comic that covers ME2)
* $2: Groundside Resistance Pack (weapons), Alternate Appearance Pack (outfits)
* Free: Extended Cut, all Multiplayer DLCs

It's actually $56 for all of them, and $48 for only story DLC. But like Manatee said, EA and Origin never put them up for sale. But I've seen the entire trilogy on sale for $10.20 so might work out for some people.

Insight for anyone considering grabbing the DLCs: Citadel is priority one, since it involves almost all past companions and your current ones. Don't grab Omega unless you really like Aria or the comics - playing that DLC is pretty inconsequential. Leviathan is good if you're looking for a story that actively engages history and isn't just sitting back and learning stuff. From Ashes may have been day 1 DLC, but Javik (the character you get) is imo hilarious and really shines in Citadel and interactions with Liara."
"&gt; If you have a FOV mod you have an advantage in multiplayer, that other people don't have.

Every different aspect ratio has a different FOV. ""Balance"" is a bullshit nonsense argument."
"The D-pad, shoulder buttons, the diamond button layout, analog sticks, rumble, motion. Everything on a modern game controller besides clickable analog sticks (Sony) and analog triggers (Sega) was standardized by Nintendo. Outside of that, they also did touchscreen gaming first.

If another more obscure form of the analog stick existed before the N64 (link me if you know it, please), Nintendo was still the only manufacturer to realize how important it was to implement such a thing for controlling 3D games. Sega, Sony, Atari, and 3DO just went D-pad.

Edit: I just looked it up. Looks like the first true, self-centering analog stick was done by Sega for Space Harrier in the arcades. Neat. I stand by my point that Nintendo deserves credit for standardizing it for 3D games."
[HQ mp4 of both the clips](http://orig14.deviantart.net/e869/f/2015/127/9/b/medievil_2015_by_agb_media_2015-d8sj7g3.mp4)
"Sounds good to me. Steam needs more competition and GOG has enough good will to rival Steam's, especially in light of last week's debacle."
"I just began playing yesterday and I'm only level 8. I am enjoying the game to this point with one caveat. It may just be the server that I'm playing on but there is a real bottleneck trying to kill the chief Acharak and the little minions around him. I had to log on and off half a dozen times to find a time where I could get a turn to take him down after waiting 30+ minutes each other time. It's a mad rush with nobody willing to group up to complete the quest together and unless you tag him first (again, may just be my experience) any damage you do is just to kill him quicker. Even with a relatively fast respawn time there were just too many others trying to get past that point. I wish they had a hit system where if everyone tagged the boss you each got the kill and the ability to move onto the next quest."
"Witchers ale taught to suppress their emotion, I also think the trials they go through (because of which they are mutating) make them less emotional. Also they drink those elixirs, pretty sure there are some which can eradicate feelings completely"
"I must have played the demo disc that had this on PS1 countless times, you better not be messing with my emotions right now. "
"A dedicated crew will always be easier than pugging it, but a lot of people (probably MOST people) don't have a dedicated crew that plays at the same time and wants to do heists/missions every time. With that under consideration, it's a lot easier to get levels than make money.

You can level up all day on races or deathmatch, but without a reliable crew you can spend 3 hours, sometimes more, just to get 150k from a heist."
"Jonathan Banks definitely has the perfect ""I've seen some shit"" voice and demeanor. It's what makes his character in BB and BCS so awesome."
"&gt;Top features to expect on release day (these are not yet in the beta)

&gt;*     Completely rebuilt, clean, fast, and smooth user interface.
*     Quick-select boxes for changing your song, mode, or skin.
*     Improved Wakeboard modes with simpler jump timing.
*     Ninja Mono mode.
*     Casual Mono mode.
*     Freeride mode.
*     Visualizer mode.
*     New skins (graphics styles).
*     Dethroned email alerts.
*     Regional leaderboards. Easily compete with just players in your area.
*     Better support for links in scoreboard comments.
*     Separate scoreboard comments for global, friends, and regional scoreboards.
*     Improved music search. Search SoundButt (even when not logged in) and your local music collection from one search box.
*     Playable in any aspect ratio.
*     No longer possible to dethrone yourself with Puzzle League modes.
*     Settings can now be changed while paused without forcing the song to end.
*     Settings added for music volume and vsync.
*     Gameplay loading time reduced if same skin is used again.
*     Many new features for community skin creators. Watch for updated skinning documentation, which will have pictures!
*     Native song browser popup (Windows only).
*     Butt songs now displayed in Recent Songs.

Haven't kept up with the game, but can we expect this may 26?"
"The reason to ban when mods are detected instead of just not letting you enter multiplayer is because doing so makes it much harder to cheat. Cheaters can get banned early on while developing their cheats instead of being able to keep trying until they find a way to get around the block.

Pretty much nobody writes software that works the first time. You always have to retry."
"Now if only there was a butt to cloud add-on...

Audiosurf 2 is great fun and is the only early-access game I've ever bought. It's not some gigantic improvement from the first one, but it's certainly large enough of a change to warrant the purchase. Really excited for the release, it hasn't been updated in a bit."
"My biggest question after playing Audiosurf 1 is this: **Is the song detection better this time around?** I've tried many genres of music in many formats and qualities, yet I can rarely find a song that translates well in-game."
"Oh man, your comment just brought back some memories.

That blue demo disc from Pizza Hut which had MediEvil, Metal Gear Solid, Tomb Raider 3, &amp; some other games I can't remember right now. I used to play it so much. "
"Meh, because of the sensitive functionality involved this seems like a wish far from reality. As GOG managment, I'd not make my customers dependent on users contributing here and there in their leisure time, expose them to buggy versions or split my customers into different branches. Instead of that I'd try to release certified and tested versions, which hopefully won't break something, displease my customers or hinder them from achieving critical actions such as buying stuff. 

EDIT: Personally I think that open sourcing Galaxy would be an awesome move from GOG, though."
"&gt;sensitive functionality

What functionality? It's noteworthy that many pieces of highly secure software are open source. It's not like people are worried about using Firefox to view their bank balance because Firefox is open source.

&gt;I'd not make my customers dependent on users contributing here and there in their leisure time

You don't have to be. There's commercial open source projects. For example, Microsoft is heavily dependent on C# and the .NET core, which have been recently open sourced.

The model followed by pretty much every open source project is to only give VCS permissions to a small set of trusted users. When a member of the general public wants to make a change, they send the maintainers a patch or a pull request (which details the exact changes made). The maintainers then review the changes (the degree of scrutiny varies by project) and can choose to integrate them.

This prevents broken or buggy changes, security issues (assuming the reviewer is adept enough to recognize security flaws), and other issues before they're even in the repo. This allows a complete beginner to contribute to a large program like Firefox (where stability and security are critical). And they do. Firefox even has guides for beginners so that they can start contributing easier.

As an aside, a somewhat common requirement is to write automated tests with your changes. These tests are an informal proof of correctness and are used to prevent future regression (which is when you accidentally break existing features). Requiring such tests raises confidence that a program is stable and that changes will not introduce problems. Of course, I should note that tests are not perfect, but they can help a lot."
"From the beta build of 2 its already a lot tighter than 1, and will hopefully get even better in the full release. 

Example:

[Audiosurf 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2aa7FAMDHU&amp;ab_channel=RodrigoSilva)

[Audiosurf 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3eP7-hJwfY&amp;ab_channel=inHaste)"
"I'm all for it. Stuff like this means that the community doesn't have to worry about shit like ""what data is it mining and sending to the evil overlords"" and shit like that, cause you can just look and see for yourself. It also means if they make an official change you don't like you can create your own fork and keep an up to date custom build (if you want to do the work merging) that still supports the old feature you wanted. At the end of the day as long as GoG are sensible about what community commits they let in this can only be a good thing."
"Pretty much in agreement with you here. I've gotten about 80 hours in Audiosurf 1 and my biggest gripe is that it interprets far too many songs as being far too easy. Even fast, uptempo songs by bands like Juno Reactor can become slow, uphill slogs with zero challenge. Plus, the detection algorithm seems to have a gigantic boner for cymbals and just goes nuts with speed/downhill spikes when there are a lot of them."
"&gt;dependent on users contributing

Just because something is open source doesn't mean the original devs stop working on it. This just means maybe someone can do something cool with it and make some custom client with better features but still functions similarly enough to the original client to where it's all compatible. You could always download the official client, of course.

And then GoG would have have a whole community of developers willing to help *for free* who can help fix bugs."
"I just started playing tonight and I ran into similar issues until I changed channels. If you look in the top right, by the mini-map, it should say like Ch. 1. You can click that and switch to a lower population instance. "
The English version of this just went [up](http://www.nintendo.co.jp/ir/en/library/events/150508/index.html).
"&gt; All the stores are mostly run by game developers and have little incentive to competitively price games as it hurting a competitor ultimately also hurts them over time.

This is the nature of digital goods. The actual cost to produce one more 'copy' of a video game is pretty close to zero, but obviously you can't just give them away for free or you'd go out of business.

&gt; GMG isn't the villain here. They are the underdogs trying to shake up the system.

That depends on exactly where these keys were coming from. In the very likely case that they were coming from a region with much lower prices, then GMG were in fact being bad guys by undermining a system that allows low-income regions to get their games cheaper. If everybody did this, developers would have no choice but to charge the full $60 across the board, effectively pricing lots of people out of the hobby. I don't think anybody benefits from that.

If GMG was buying the keys at US/Euro rates and selling them at a loss... good for them, I guess? But I don't think that was the case."
"Ha! This seems like the kind of mod that would be fun to play ""Survive a circuit around the map"" with friends with. Alcohol optional but suggested. "
"This is by far the cheapest option for Australians to buy the game. Everywhere else is selling it for $80 USD minimum. 

It isn't enough that they want to charge us more to keep price equivalence with brick and mortar stores here, it's downright insulting that they charge us in USD causing the price to inflate even further with the exchange rate. "
"There will be no QA. Someone is going to have to buy the mod, just to let everyone know it's crap and ruins your save games, or doesn't run correctly, or what have you."
I thought this was going to be a video explaining the story (if there even is one) that takes place in Hotline Miami. lol
"Details on page 3 of the release. I'd love to be able to play Nintendo games on a mobile device I already have. Pokemon on my iPhone with NFC trading or something? Yes please. 

""Regarding this subject, we announced our business alliance with DeNA on March 17. Each of our companies offers unique strengths, and we are confident that when combined, the synergies will enable us to compete strongly in the smart device space.

We will start the service for the first game application by the end of this calendar year. Internally at Nintendo, we have executed several organizational and personnel changes in order to properly operate the smart device business, and we will make further changes before the first release.

As we confirmed on March 17, all of our IP can be considered for a smart device game. On the other hand, since the game business on smart devices is already severely competitive, even with highly popular IP, the odds of success are quite low if consumers cannot appreciate the quality of a game. Also, if we were simply to port software that already has a track record on a dedicated game system, it would not match the play styles of smart devices, and the appropriate business models are different between the two, so we would not anticipate a great result. If we did not aim to achieve a significant result, it would be meaningless for us to do it at all. Accordingly, we are going to carefully select appropriate IP and titles for our smart device deployment.

Regarding the number of the titles, you may want to know that we will release approximately five titles by the end of the next fiscal year, which is the end of March 2017. You may think it is a small number, but when we aim to make each title a hit, and because we want to thoroughly operate every one of them for a significant amount of time after their releases, this is not a small number at all and should demonstrate our serious commitment to the smart device business.

We will strive to expand this business into global markets at a steady pace so that eventually we will entertain hundreds of millions of people all around the world. We are aiming to make this one of the pillars of Nintendo’s revenue structure."""
"This is absolute nonsense. Anyone can do this. Show us actual gameplay: a hud, combat, ai, etc. Then I will believe it. Till then, this is just any ordinary garage fan slapping together a few fancy models. Any semi-talented person could do this these days with the internet at your disposal.

Sorry, not buying it. Would be neat though."
"both of them are great, tera's feels more meaty, you can almost feel the blows, but movement is more restrictive compared to Gw2. One thing that I like about TERA is that enemies occupy a real space in the world, you cannot walk through them as if they were ghosts, its a tiny detail but it makes it feel more like a real action game."
"I've put in some amount of hours several times on TERA, so I think I can help whoever is on the fence decide whether or not TERA is for them. I'm no hardcore player - I'm just a casual who played it on and off because of friends who would pull me back in. I got two level 45 warriors on separate servers, a level 35 slayer, and a level 55 reaper.

First things first, the biggest draw of TERA is the combat. Action combat, active targetting, dodge rolls, the works. Think Vindictus, but in an open world. And that was the biggest draw of TERA for me - the combat of vindictus, but in an open world setting. 

Second draw of TERA is the BAMs, which are the massive, enormous, and hard as hell world bosses that are sprinkled around the world. You can solo these fairly easily up until around level 40, at which point they start stomping your ass. Partying is highly encouraged. Even a completely random pug picked off the street will make a BAM fight exponentially easier past the level 40 mark.

Third thing, and I think this is probably important to a lot of you - **the grind is not real**. Seriously. You level *super easy* compared to almost all other korean MMOs. The grind only really starts to set in at, once again, around the level 40 mark, but even then you can easily get from level 45 to level 46 in an hour or two just following the main quest line and doing the side quests. No grinding required (up til around lv50ish I believe, personal experiences may vary).

Something worthy of mention is that every 5 levels or so, the game gives you a rare weapon. You collect shards from killing mobs at around the same level as you, and you can use the shards to craft a rare weapon that should last you up til you get the next one. This of course killed any amount of weapon sales on the market below lv50 (you level too quick for it to be worth the money), but does guarantee that you never feel too under-powered because you can't afford to buy a better weapon off the market.

About the cash shop, I've never found it necessary to buy anything from it. From the brief look I got at it, it's just your average cash shop - loads of costy cosmetic stuff, and some booster packs for exp/gold. The stuff in the cash shop that give stat boosts can also be found on the player market (albeit for extravagant prices), so it's not exactly unobtainable for non-paying players. I think it's a pretty fair system.

Now, onto the less positive stuff... While the grind is not real, it does get kind of repetitive. Go to location A, pick up all the quests, kill things on the way to location B, turn in all the quests, pick up new quests, and repeat ad infinitum. To be fair though, that's like every MMO in a nutshell. The enemy variety is pretty good, the setting switches often enough and are fairly varied, dungeons aren't too difficult (in a group), and lv40+ BAMs are infuriating to hunt (which is why it's fun to hunt them!).

Another thing is that, for traditional MMO players, this might be a very different experience than they're used to. If you don't aim, you're going to miss, and that goes for melee characters as well. You have to know your timing, and know your range. If you can't read your opponent, you're going to get wrecked.

Finally, there aren't very many servers. I believe there's 6 or 7, and 2 of those are PvP servers. Crowding might become an issue with the new influx of players from steam (but you can switch channels using the little menu at the top right, so that might help).

**TL;DR**

I like TERA. It's fun to play. Action combat, fun and challenging world bosses, very low grinding. I've never made it to the endgame (lv65) so I can't tell you about it, but there's plenty of super hard dungeons to run and super awesome loot to collect. If that sounds like something you're willing to pay 60GB of hard drive space for, then give TERA a try."
"Yeah, this is actually the way most of the open source applications people are familiar with work. Most people just grab the official VLC release, for example. While there are modified (and potentially buggy / broken) versions floating around, they're most just there for people who seek them out.

Hell, even the OS X kernel is open source, but the vast, vast majority of Apple users have never even thought about building / finding a custom kernel.

Open source doesn't imply a lack of quality or lack of central control. It mostly gives people the option to move away from the central control, or improve the quality on their own, if there's sufficient motivation to do so."
Yoshimitsu has always been my favourite Soul Calibur/Tekken character and that design is pretty damn cool. They always try to change up his design per iteration and I think Lovecraftian-Xenomorph ninja is much more interesting than wood ninja-man.
"someone has the cloud-to-butt add on that changes the word could to the word butt, it was popular when everyone was talking about cloud computing"
"I wish places still did this.

But as a byproduct of games being gigantic productions now it's probably too expensive."
"My favorite was the ending to Magic Sword. You either destroy the dark orb and save the world, or become the villain and need to defeat yourself the next time you play through the game.

I don't think this feature adds much replayability, as most games with this allow you to simply replay the last level or load a save. It's fun to get the choice, though, and discuss with your friends which ending is the best."
"Yoshimitsu has always been one of my mains in both Tekken and Soul Calibur, and I'm I'm glad to see him looking as good as ever. Still pining for him to be added for Smash DLC; I cannot think of a single fighting game Yoshimitsu couldn't fit in."
"I would really like this to be real, but I honestly just can't fathom it being true. It's a very old, very niche series that would have a terrible time making itself modern enough for today's crowds without being a very different game. "
"Deus Ex Human Revolution still seems like a more tame example of this. None of the choices is objectively better or even visually DIFFERENT from any other. The world might not even dare listen to the protagonist in the state of disarray it was left in at the point. The moment you make a choice, you're essentially taken completely away from the story of the game and allowed into a completely detached but thematically driven monologue by the main character. 

You're not allowed to see any consequence to your choice.

The game is a prequel and thus, the events that occur couldn't ever have really changed much. And now there's a direct sequel incoming and... Eidos Montreal won't tell us what choice was made. So essentially the game didn't tell you but hoped you realized that they were all the same single ending regardless of what you did.

This actually excuses the way the ending is done. One could say the choice at the end was an extra to the story where you just get to make yourself comfortable in the game's main theme of transhumanism.

It's a pity Mass Effect 3 seemingly saw this sort of ending done and thought it meant a green flag to do the same - they missed that important part where nothing different could happen to the setting regardless of button chosen by the player. Their buttons are actually meant to make MASSIVE, galaxy-wide changes, so showing the same thing on any different one is a copt out and they went ahead and made it to all of them."
"I was on the edge when I saw the re-design at first. I thought ""oh god dammit, they went ahead and added tentacles"". But after seeing the trailer through, I think the new design really suits good ol' Yoshimitsu "
"A little-known fact about Human Revolution's ending choice is that although the ending video is basically set in stone based on your final decision, Adam Jensen's voiceover is not. What he says depends on how you acted thoughout the game and which switch you pressed."
"The one I played had MediEvil, some cool top-down JRPGish thing Musashi or some other, Twisted Metal, and Spyro, among other things. "
"Counterpoint: do you have a right to tell someone else they can't sell *your* work? Because one of the major issues in Skyrim modding is so many nested dependencies. 

It's rather cut-and-dry if you're selling a sword, for example, but if you're selling a sword that has an entire set of custom animations reliant on a system someone *else* made? That's where it gets iffy. Especially when that person doesn't want *their* work to be sold.

If you want *your* work to be respected ($+), then you need to respect *their* work by honoring *their* wishes ($-). Contradiction."
"Personally,  I really hate this trope and feel like it's rarely,  if ever,  justified in game.   Arguably,  I think only the Star Wars games can get away with it,  since the last-minute ""join me!""  offer is common in all Star Wars media. 

Otherwise,  most of the time,  it's just a cheap way for devs to brag about player agency on the box while doing little or nothing to actually enable it in game.   Oh wow,  you can do a last-minute heel turn for no good reason.   What clever scripting! 

In terms of non-Star Wars games,  I think maybe the one that did it best was the remake of The Bard's Tale from the 2000s.  But in part,  of course,  because they did it up as a parody of the trope.  In one ending,  you actually marry the succubus who's trying to take over the world,  and apparently live happily ever after with her as the demon-empress's arm candy.   In another,  you can tell BOTH the good guy and bad guy to take a flying leap and simply walk away from the final battle. 

But played straight?  I virtually never buy into it and consider it very lazy design. 

(And yes,  I'd love a cupcake!   :-&gt;) "
"Uh...would you know if there is a ""minimalistic graphics"" option or something for AS2? It looks like a huge, distracting visual mess in comparison to Audiosurf 1, IMO...and AS1 was sometimes a bit of a mess itself."
"Its hard to say until its officially released if there will be any by default, but there are lots of skin mods right now that give it a minimalist look, including one that makes it look just the old game."
"Looks like UE4. (the lighting model, blurring on the trees, etc.)


The walk cycle is kind of bad.  The character model slides faster than his walking animation goes.


This suggests to me that this is a UE4 work in progress, and someone created a fan-made model.  Alternatively, this is alpha footage on an official title, and they're developing it on UE4 engine.


Still, why would two 2-second clips leak? Doesn't make sense to capture this footage, and only so short. At first I reasoned that maybe someone captured it very quickly, but it's very high quality/stable...and why no sound?

"
The only way this game is successful is a Spotify integration. Does it have one? Otherwise it will be obsolete for 90% of the potential buyers.
"Maybe I'm in the minority here, but the Tekken3/Tag Tournament Yoshimitsu design is still far and away my favorite. I'm all for them changing up his design, but an optional old school outfit would make me a happy camper."
For those interested simcity is still a bad game. If you really want a city builder look at Cities Skyline. It's fantastic and has full steam workshop support built in. The community has made millions of new buildings and fixed any problems you could ever have with a city builder. 
"I linked to the steam announcement in the post (AFAIK it's only buyable on Steam so far), but [gog.com does also have a coming-soon page for it](http://www.gog.com/game/invisible_inc).

I guess on the 12th it can be bought there.

(edit)  
I also just noticed I derped the title. ""As the release version"". Sorry, not my first language."
"There are. And ""skins"" are available in the workshop, and you can bet that some are going to be more minimal."
"The combat was ok, but it's not as deep or ""skill based"" as it would have you believe.

The grind is unbearable if you're like me and can't stand fetch quests. 

The community is kinda shitty on PVP servers, but that might be the same with every MMO on a PVP server, this was just the first that I had experienced.

The artstyle is a bit generic (I prefer high fantasy), but the graphics are pretty good. The music was meh.

The interface was iffy too, I found it really convoluted to get to places you wanted to get to.

One of the few positives I can really give the game is the races, they were pretty unique.

Overall, not impressed particularly, but I could see how someone could get some game-time out of it now that it's f2p."
"The mobile games won't be ""full"" games. While standalone games with a complete story, they will lack both the size and features of their big counterparts.

Nintendo plans to make them more akin to ""demos"" for their consoles. Like: did you like this short game for $5? Then pay $39 for an EVEN BIGGER one on the 3DS!

In other words: a Zelda for IPhone may be nothing more than an SP version of four swords, or a Mario game may only have 3 Worlds with 20 Levels or something instead of the ~100. It may also be VC titles for mobile.
But it is highly unlikely that you will ever see a (new) main title on mobile. Especially seeing how poisonous the mobile market is. You can hardly sell stuff for more than $5 so you will have to find new sources of revenue (microtransactions), add to this the blatant copy-/pasting job between competitors without any creativity."
"What I liked about the Deus Ex HR choices at the end was that they essentally asked you what kind of person you are. I must have spent 20 minutes thinking about my choice (I could always reload the game to watch all the endings but my first choice would be the one that mattered). 

Will I really stop humanity's ambition to progress? 
Is progress worth sacrificing our freedom?
Wouldn't it be cowardly not to choose when I was given a choice? (the 3rd option)

Honestly I find this ending choice mechanic more elegant. I wouldn't want my ending to be determined 10 hours before the ending when I accidentally threw a grenade at someone :P  "
"I always liked his look in the Soul Calibur series the best, but I guess that does't suit the Tekken style."
"Steam is already starting to get bloated. I don't want music, movies, apps, comics and shit. I just want a simple digital platform for GAMES."
"Personally, I hate this trope. It feels like a cheap way to add replayability, but above all, it cheapens the entire ending. It means there is no official ending and the ending becomes meaningless, since you can just go back and play the other one. "
"Seems like it will be integrated with SoundCloud, but no word on anything else.  Would be an instant buy for me if I could use my spotify playlists."
"Just cause. Seriously, there is never been a logical reason for each yoshimitsu redesign. He's basically a blank canvas for the Tekken team to do what they want."
"At heart, they don't advertised those function heavily. I'm contented to know them exist, but not interfering with my gaming.

Given all things equal, having more products range is better for an entertainment platform.  Also, the personalized Steam Store page would less likely to show you things you don't like. I think it was a strategic change to please hardcore customer like you."
"just because other ""korean MMOs"" have a grindier game, it does not make what you said any true: the grind is fucking real. The grind is not very low. At all. I got bored due to the grind AND the constant fetch quests. You're doing the same from one place to the other. It's really boring being a massive character with exquisite abilities that is, ultimately, an errand boy/girl."
"&gt;The combat was ok, but it's not as deep or ""skill based"" as it would have you believe.

When it comes to world PvE it absolutely is skill based. I remember taking down BAMs that were vastly higher level than me and could 1 hit me without taking a single hit point of damage.

When it comes to PvP though, it isn't all that skill based. It's hampered by the horrible gear grind."
The stupidest thing was that it was literally just 3 big dumb buttons. It was almost satirical. They could've just pasted in that ending for The Stanley Parable and it'd fit.
"Doesn't really take care of the bloat though. There's no reason why with a perfectly functioning internet connection I could flip a coin to see if loading up my profile or inventory works.
"
"People have been saying steam has been getting bloated for years, probably since it launched. 

""Bloated"" just seems like a word people throw around when they notice something is using more than 1MB of memory and doesn't do everything instantly, but they won't go into specifics to give useful feedback about how they want it changed and improved. 

I'm sure with the right google searches you could probably find someone to say every single bit of software is bloated."
"It's rather difficult to actually do it well, Mass Effect 3 and Deus Ex: HR was actually fucking awful in the way they did it, absolutely horrendous. While Spec Ops: The Line and Bastion did it quite well, especially Spec Ops.

I think the main thing that defines whether it's good ro bad is whether or not the ending is focused on the characters or the world at large. In Mass Effect and Deus Ex it's basically a ""how do you want to world to look? Btw it's the end so it still doesn't matter"" button, which is completly uninteresting, while in Spec Ops and Bastion the ending still at large has to do with the characters and their choice (well less so in Bastion, but Bastion benefitted from having a very minimalistic narrative, so the end of the world and the overall narrative seemed a lot more somber and downplayed than usual AAA-end-of-the-world stuff.)

Honestly, I think Spec Ops does it quite fantastically, the fact that the choices are completly natural in the gameplay (rather than having a choice of big buttons to press) and that they continue the theme of ""The longer Walker continues, the worse he becomes"", where the first ending is clearly the best, while the last is absolutely horrific.

So like all things, as lonn as the narrative focuses on the characters, you're doing it right."
"In theory it could. I could see this work. Maybe.

The Jackbox Party Pack shows how it  can be done, and I could very much see Nintendo do something like this, a Mario Party you could either play on the go, or in the ""upgraded version"" with a WiiU connected to a TV as the main board.

Thing is, they still need to do a hardware re-release, and use the chance to re-brand it as the Wii 2. otherwise sales **will** be lackluster."
"I think The Witcher 2 handled this type of choice fantastically. The end features you bascially deciding the fate of everyone around you, even the assassin who kills the kings is subject to your will. Yet it all feels natural and none of the choices are black and white, some were actually rather difficult for me to choose between."
"Once I saw someone on a message board complaining that the GNU command line coreutils used in most versions of Linux were bloated and there needed to be a lightweight replacement.

This is kind of like complaining that Notepad is too bloated and needs a lightweight replacement."
"Well, this is difficult to say since I have only had very little time to play the final version so far (work).

In the last pre-release version it felt gameplay-wise *very* complete, but not story-wise. Everything I've seen from the final release so far indicates a lot of time has been put into the story, so yeah, I'd say chances are it's quite complete. It already felt very much bug-free and gameplay-polished in the early access versions.

Not 100% sure ofc, since I'm only on the third mission now."
"Because people -think- they're good drivers in real life. They've really managed to avoid crashing repeatedly, they don't understand how the mechanics of driving work."
"People say it because it has no technical meaning and is impossible to disagree with.

It is the safest of all software complaints. Very similar to ""unoptimized."" "
"&gt; Open Sourcing the client would reveal the API and the authentication method to the general public, meaning everyone and their grand mother would be able to build their own Galaxy Client from scratch or worse build a store front selling gog games at a higher cost out of nowhere.

How exactly do you think their web page work? Magic fairy dust?"
"It's an absolutely perfect time to get into it. The game gets updated frequently with new maps and weapon skins. They probably won't release a new CS game for another 5 years, and it's cheap at $15 MSRP. You can often get it on sale for like $3."
"i would say yes. it is great fun with pals and still has me going back for an hour or two in the evening, be it 5v5 competitive or dicking around on zombie servers.

people are still playing CS source and CS 1.6 and CS:GO is still on the upswing.

Valve hasn't hinted of a new CS (not that I know of), my best guess is that they might migrate CS:GO to the Source 2 engine, whether that is for free, who knows."
"Yes, it's definitely worth it. Counter Strike is bigger right now than it's ever been, and it just keeps getting bigger. In all likelyhood, Valve will probably be moving CSGO over to their new version of the source engine, rather thar release a new game anytime soon.

"
"I don't play it personally but yes, it's a good time to get into the game. To my knowledge it's the fastest growing eSports scene, gets constant updates and improvements, has LOADS of players and will most likely be the go-to competitive FPS (together with TF2) for many years going forward.

Just look at how long CS 1.6 was (is?) active. 

So go ahead, it's most likely a very safe long term bet :)"
That's what I was hoping to hear! I am going to pick it up this weekend and am currently browsing /r/GlobalOffensive to get into the meta.
"Holy crap I got a response from Moo! Thanks for the response, I'm looking into diving into the game soon."
"Chromium can authenticate with your Google account, it has syncing built in. Really, what differs from Chrome these days is just the lack of DRM modules and Pepper Flash."
"Absolutely. It's the game that whenever I'm not sure what to play, I always hop into CSGO and play 1 or 2 competitive matches. It's a game based on a simple formula, but its tactical nature makes each match feel totally different from another, and learning a new tactic or just simply making some sick clutches is very satisfying. The community might not be friendly to newcomers, so I recommend spending some time into casual deathmatch to learn basic mechanics and train your reflex a little bit before getting into competitive."
"It's like skylanders, but applied to nintendo properties with cross game compatibility.

One game an amiibo might unlock a skin, another game it might let you use a locked feature or access locked missions or characters.  

Some people are buying them just cause collector craze.  They are okay little figures of nintendo stuff, but not worth what a lot of people are paying for them due to the supply system feeding a strong secondary market that is very scalper friendly.

Also fairly controversial for some, in that they've led to the introduction of disc locked content in a number of nintendo titles, but rather than disc locked content sold as DLC, it has a higher barrier to entry price and is more difficult to obtain due to being tied to a limited physical object that may or may not be only obtainable via secondary market.  

"
"I just hope that the amount Valve invests in CS:GO's competitive scene keeps up with its growth. It's kind of embarrassing that competitive matches get DDOSed to hell, or when one of the players on a professional team has to go AFK to take out the trash. 

"
Just a warning. If this is your first CS game be prepared to be incredibly frustrated for your first few games. CS:GO plays a lot differently than a lot of other fps games. It has a lot of funky mechanics that are going to leave wondering why the hell they are in this game. After awhile though those mechanics will grow on you and you will realize that they are part of what make the game great.
"Looks interesting, thanks for sharing this.

Mark of the Ninja is fantastic, I enjoyed every minute of it. I'll definitely check this one out."
"Ah, but GOG is DRM-free. So it's just like Steam, except that if it goes belly up, your games will keep working.

Not that I'm worried about Steam going belly-up any time soon."
I quit due to the smurfing and lack of cooperation in the lower levels so I would advise playing only if you've got a couple people to play with.
"According to wikipedia:
&gt; At the 2014 San Diego Comic-Con, Harada confirmed that the game is still in development; the reason for the scarce information is due to Bandai Namco waiting for the opportunity to market it.&gt; "
"What's your definition of ""grind""?  In my opinion ""grind"" is when I have to pointlessly kill mobs in the field just for XP, something I didn't have to do in TERA. The way the game story and character progression is designed, by the time you done with main story that guides you through the whole continent, you'll hit max level.  I also spent a lot of time in dungeons because they were fun and give even more XP and good gear. TERA is as grindy as WoW."
"You can no longer get it at $3, since people complained it was too cheap for cheaters to get it with alternate accounts or something like that. So if you get in on a sale, it'll be like $7 or $8. "
"Note that the games choose whether to use the steam DRM. Many indie games, for example, don't implement it at all. 

The reason it exists is to appease the larger companies that wouldn't have published on it without the DRM. If you can find the game off of steam with no DRM there's a good chance the steam version won't use DRM. And you can just run the exe. "
"I'm really hoping it's good enough to get Intel to drop their cpu prices. That, and we'll see if they try to bribe the competition away like they did years ago."
I've found that playing Deathmatch/Arms Race really can help new players ease into it. These modes feel a lot more friendly since you don't have to wait to respawn and can build skills. Arms race is especially good because it forces you to try different kinds of guns on small maps.
"One can hope. As far as PC gaming goes, with the massive IPC improvements AMD is toting it would be able to compete. Even more so considering DX12 games coming out in 2016."
"Agreed, as someone who doesn't have 4 other people ready to play with me I quickly lost interest during the placement matches.

Solo queue in that game is about as fun as expected."
"Demolition mode is also recommend. Hadn't played cs for a couple of years and played Demolition mode for like ten hours before jumping into competitive. Demolition is like competitive light, although no ranking system so it can sometimes be frustrating. Competitive is really were it's at. Been ranking up to gold Nova master and is pretty pleased with myself. "
"Basically the leader of a ninja clan that still dabbles in the kind of magic you shouldn't, has a cybernetic arm and is all round strange.

His origins, age, if he's even human are all deliberately vague."
"From the description:

&gt;With a focus on the art of ruling and national improvement, Common Sense adds depth to domestic rule and adds a number of major changes to diplomacy.
The most significant modification in Common Sense is the new provincial development system. Building space in a province is now limited by its terrain and Development Value. The more developed a province is, the greater wealth and power you can squeeze out of it. By spending monarch points, you can now customize your trading hubs or make great recruiting centers. Fewer, more powerful buildings means that every decision about construction has greater importance – if you want a manufactory and have no building slots in Champagne, what will you destroy?

&gt;Other major features include:

&gt;Parliaments: The English crown and other constitutional systems of government can now use their flexible system to pass laws through parliaments

&gt;National Churches: Protestant kingdoms can customize their new faith and make it a true partner to the throne.

&gt;New Religious Systems: Buddhism and Protestantism both get fresh coats of faith-based paint

&gt;New Options For Subject States: Once just tiny money faucets, recent expansions have made vassals and colonial nations more useful. Common Sense gives you new tools to exploit them or keep them in line

&gt;Government Ranks: As you invest in the development of your nation, you can climb from a small duchy to a major empire, unlocking new benefits.

&gt;New Government mechanics: Theocracies will have new actions and mechanics to highlight their unique character, and the Holy Roman Empire can create Free Cities

&gt;As always, Common Sense will be accompanied by a host of free updates and improvements - including some significant changes to the map of Europe.

&gt;Common Sense will be available on major digital platforms on June 9, 2015.

[Announcement post on the Paradox Interactive forums](https://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/index.php?threads/announcing-europa-universalis-iv-common-sense.854950/)

Developer diaries for Common Sense can be found [here](http://www.eu4wiki.com/Developer_diaries#Common_Sense)."
"If nothing else, it keeps Steam from resting on it's laurels. I don't like Origin but I appreciate it as something that gives Steam competition. "
"it doesn't take many matches to build up a CS friends list. 

Most of the time when I play it is with at least 3 people I have played with in the past."
"OP.  Yes its a perfect time to get into the game.  However if this is your first CS game.  Please do not give up on it after a few games.  The game has an incredibly high skill curve.  You will very likely get destroyed if you havnt played CS before.  It does not play like Battlefield or COD.  This does not mean you are a bad player.  You just have to learn the intricacies of the game.  

My first tip is this.  Find out if you are a wrist aimer, or an arm aimer.  Get a LARGE mousepad.  You will generally want to use a low sensitivity.  This game does to have ADS and requires precise aiming.  Here is a good video by a pro player about finding proper sensitivity.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwT5fXEloxg  

Once you have that.  Its time to practice aiming.  

Here is a good video that teaches you the basics of how to learn recoil patterns.  Keep in mind that there is a time and place to spray.  And a time and play to tap.  Learn these.  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1r7NV9dsG6o  

Then you will want to learn and practice your movement.  CS is a game that requires good movement mechanics as well as aim.  This is a good peeking advice video

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TbI1gk4DXg

=====EDIT=====

Okay, I am done with finals now.  

Another thing that is important is that CS is a game that does require lots of skill and good aim.  However you dont have to have the best aim in your match.  You can compensate for having worse aim by positioning, and good crosshair placement.  I posted the video above about how to peek properly and not over extend yourself.  But Crosshair placement is one of the easiest things you can do to improve as a low rank player or a new player.  Here is another video/tutorial on that.  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9mvXfnY8wU"
"&gt; it would be able to compete.

Remember, Zen won't be going against the Intel Haswells we have today. A 2016 release would put it against Skylake. "
"*Everything is relative.*

Looking at their [updates page](http://blog.counter-strike.net/index.php/category/updates/) it looks like there's ~2 a month. That's a lot for software. You're of course free to disagree, but I stand by my original post :)"
"Yes, it's worth getting into.  It's not a game where a ""sequel"" is likely anytime soon, due to its immense popularity, the competitive scene, and the large number of new and custom maps.  

CS:GO is also just plain amazing.  Been playing it for years and it's the only game I just keep coming back to and it never gets old.  Competitive matches are so intense and the gameplay is old school in all the best ways.  None of this custom class bullshit with unlockable weapon attachments and all that.  It's very well balanced and skill based.  Mastercheifs comment below is spot on, it's the game I turn to whenever I can't decide what to play, because I know it will engage me immediately and not let go.

Be warned, you will get your ass kicked at first.  You will think people are hacking.  You will get frustrated.  Many people have been playing these maps for over a decade.  They know all the strategies and they can predict your movement with ease.  Hell, they will BAIT you into doing stupid shit and you won't even know it.  But that's part of the fun, developing an understanding of the maps and strategies and getting competent.  Then you're the one correctly guessing the enemy strategy and surprise them out of nowhere for a 4k, but you're pissed because an AWPer jumped in at the last second and stole your ACE."
"Hopefully but I doubt it.  When my 2500k beats out many of the high end sku's I find it hard to see them really competing. 

I hope they bring out something awesome though, need more innovation in the CPU/GPU marketplace. "
"Jedi Academy did it very well. The desicion came at the end of the second to last level. If you go light, you go into the last level fighting the sith and helping the Jedi. If you go dark, you fight EVERYBODY. It was cool that it affected an entire level instead of just, say, the last boss."
"New maps?! What maps? I've been playing the same 3 maps for months....


EDIT: this isnt a joke guys. Its really annoying."
"That's not a grind, you just don't like MMOs. Repetitive quests are a staple of every single mainstream MMO on the market. If you don't like that, you're in the wrong genre of gaming. Grinding is what happens when you run out of said quests, and you are forced to ""grind"" on mobs for experience. That doesn't really happen in TERA up until the last few levels, and if you've been regularly dungeoning and doing sidequests than it doesn't happen at all. That said, even if you do grind mobs, it's not that bad, and in some instances it's faster to grind mobs than it is to quest."
"Yes, you will most likely be placed against people just like you (there are a lot of smurfers though).  
It's really much more enjoyable than casual is, 10v10 is just too chaotic."
"it would have to be handled extremely well. if it just turns into a bunch of timed pay to win garbage then it will just be the same old thing. they have the tools, talent and money to really revolutionize phone gaming though.

i genuinely want them to keep their hat in the ring "
"The visuals won't be inherently improved just by the switch, things that would improve are framerate and loading times (At least that's what I've gathered from the dota 2 source 2 implementation)."
The volume of chages here is really impressive.  I think it will be the most exciting/dynamic changing DLC since launch.  Finally we can play tall.
That's just a thing that comes with online tourneys. They might say someone's bringing out the trash just for privacy reasons.
"Comments like this are just so monumentally ignorant i can't understand

'Throw cores at the problem'? Did you read anything about zen?  Do you think AMD is run by teenagers? "
"I think that even if you don't use AMD we should all hope that this CPU does well. Without AMD there would be essentially no competition for Intel in the desktop market, and competition is important for fostering innovation &amp; keeping prices down."
"I'm going to go on a bit of rant here...

CS:GO is great. CS in general is great. The mechanics, the strategies, the weapons, the excitement, the addictiveness, the competitiveness, etc. 

What's not the great? The people playing the game. 

I starting playing CS 1.6 in 2004 at the age of 14 and I can honestly say it changed my life. I started getting into computers more, my overall reflexes got better, my hand eye coordination skyrocketed, it really was a great thing. I was having fun and playing with my buddies. 

Then I started to play online by myself and noticed just how toxic the community was. I really learned how to roast someone with words mainly from hearing it non-stop on CS. 

When you first start playing you will suck, you will suck HARD. People will give you constant shit about it or try to tell you how to play because they have ""been playing since CS 1.0 beta 4.6789 and they would totally be pro by now if not for 'X' excuse.""

This game isn't CoD, it's not Halo, it's not Gears, it's Counter-strike through and through. 

People will cheat, even professionals, people will try to get in your head, people will try to make you feel like you suck and make you want to uninstall the game. 

With all of that said. CS:GO is BYFAR the most ACCESSIBLE version of Counter-Strike to ever exist. It's got built in matchmaking, constant updates (for better or worse), a thriving competitive scene that can only be rivaled by the old 1.6 days. 

HOPEFULLY Valve will put the time and effort into CS:GO that they have with Dota 2 and make the game what it SHOULD be. 

The game is fun and exciting at times and at other times you want to throw your headset out the fucking window... but that's what makes it great. 

I would jump in if I were you! 

If you want any ""help"" and you live anywhere near the east coast let me know and I can help you out. I'm not a professional but I have been playing for a long time. I can explain a few things to you or recommend a few things to make sure you aren't fighting yourself while trying to learn the game. 

Or you can tell me to eff off and just play the game. :) 
"
I think very very few mobile gamers will be hip to the idea of leaping from dollar mobile game to several hundred dollar purchases.  
"AMD throwing cores at the problem is exactly what happened with this generation of CPU, and they failed horribly. I have AMDs top of the line ""8 core"" cpu and it competes fairly against Intel's mid-tier, while pulling significantly more power and generating significantly more heat.

""8-core"" is in quotes because they wrote ""8-core"" in big font on the front of the box but it's only got 4 cores. "
"Probably second after Art of War, that was a massive overhaul that really polished the EU4 experience."
"Intel with suitable competition is the best, most competent company in the world. Nothing can touch them.

Intel without suitable competition is basically Comcast."
"But i doubt we'll see Skylake producing 40% IPC improvements or anything like that. Probably another +5%-+10% in terms of desktop performance, like they have been doing lately."
"&gt;I quickly lost interest during the placement matches.

Generally all games with ranked matchmaking take a longer time that 5-10 matches to calibrate. The game barely knows where you belong and powering through 25 or even 50 games is a better way to start experiencing optimal matchmaking. 

I really enjoyed solo queue in CS:GO, it's what made it way more fun than CS and CS:S for me. (I've played hundreds, if not thousands of hours of both prior to CS:GO). Joining a clan or community server and playing with such a huge skill gap was great and all. But 5 on 5 competitive with actual strategy in CS:GO made the game amazing.

I've recently stopped playing to focus more on Dota 2. But I know with 100% certainty that if I go back to FPS, it'll be for CS:GO again. "
It just means next generation.  This sounds like it is a generational leap for AMD (instead of a revision of current tech).
They've been using it for years.  Nothing new there. GTX980 was advertised as the *next-generation* of Maxwell architecture
"Sounds good. The game really needed more things to do during peace-time, so it sounds like this DLC is what the community has wanted for a long time. The Parliamentary system looks like an interesting concept, but I'm not so sure about government ranks. 

All things considered, I think it'd be best to wait a while after launch. A DLC of this magnitude is bound to bring a bunch of patches."
"It's not bullshit marketing, it's literally the next generation of amd cpus. Just like the 300 series is the next generation of their gpu line. It is a literal term. "
"A decade ago, I posited that people will still be playing counter strike a decade hence (to convince somebody to play it with me). 

I was right.

A decade from now, there will still be counter strike players, active servers, tournaments, etc. You won't regret it!"
I would say it's more embarassing that every few months there's a banwave of hackers and a few professionals are banned. Or the match fixing scandals. But I guess matchfixing is evidence that the game as has a robust competitive side.
"And apparently, the version of him in soul calibur is the same as him in tekken. So he's pretty much immortal."
"That actually seems pretty cool. Went in expecting some Game Dev Tycoon-esque thing, but came out pleasantly surprised. It does look rough around the edges, though that is to be expected for an alpha, At the very least I'll try out the demo they have on the their website and see if it is as interesting as it looks."
"The Vishera 8350 has 4 modules with 2 cores in each. The cores share resources, but there are 8 Physical cores in it."
*Nintendo says it's still completely fucking clueless and determined to continue making terrible decisions.*
"&gt; Just look at how long CS 1.6 was (is?) active. 

Most definitely is. Not fun for new players to get into so much though, because anyone still playing is at the upper end of that learning curve at this point. 

But yeah, probably my most played game this year. Definitely in the top 2. "
I really fucking hope they don't make it so you can only get unlocks in their games by forcing you to play mobile apps.
"Because this whole DRM stuff is a big part of their PR, so they would prefer for people to think that Steam DRM is mandatory."
"Intel with suitable comptetition ist criminal and corrupt.
[intel, amd suit](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Micro_Devices,_Inc._v._Intel_Corp\.)

They crippled AMD when they had the advantage and later paid them off with a pittance of what they earned.
After years this still pisses me off to no end."
"Every few months is a bit of an over-exaggeration, isn't it? KQLY and Sf are the only really high profile bans. It's a crappy situation, but you're making it seem much worse than it is."
"I'm hoping that shrinking to 14nm and moving back to SMT, among other design choices, will put AMD in the same league with Intel processes.  

But I'm more interested to see how well Zen scales down to lower power devices like notebooks.  But that won't be seen for sometime after the initial release.

Edit: if you're going to downvote me you can at least comment on why"
"There is a LOT wrong with CS:GO:

* Cheaters, loads of them. This is especially a problem for high ranks.
* Smurfs, loads of them. This is especially a problem for lower ranks. High ranks can't play properly because of cheaters, so they smurf and make lower ranked games less fun.
* Many glitches that shouldn't still be in the game. For example, the hitbox while jumping isn't synched (shoot chest to hit head), hitbox while planting isn't properly aligned.
* If you want high rank, cheat free matchmade gameplay, you have to pay for third-party services like ESEA.
* You have to see through Valve's moneymaking charade. There will be cases you get that you can unlock if you purchase a key. Don't do it unless it's just for fun. The odds of winning are minimal and it's quite expensive.
* Matchmaking servers are on 64 tick, whereas third party providers use 128 tick. Some people don't like 64 tick at all.

There are also a lot of good points to CS:GO:

* Fun with friends, teamwork goes a long way in the game.
* Esports scene is growing. There are tournaments pretty much every day. I don't even actively follow it, I just watch it whenever it's on and I can watch something pretty much every night. Highly entertaining, great casting. The casting is a little less serious than League of Legends, which is quite nice.
* You can make some money with CS:GO. I'm not going to exaggerate and tell you you can make a living off of it, but CS:GO is practically free if you play for a long time. I've had the game for about 1 and a half year I think and I've got 15 bucks in my steam wallet currently. That comes only from CS:GO.
* You don't have to be great to have fun. I'd subjectively say the gold nova regions are most fun, but I can't really say I've been higher (have been lower though). 
* Community servers allow for a lot of content outside of matchmaking. Examples are free-for-all deathmatch (the better equivalent of Valve's DM), surf maps, climb maps, unofficial matchmaking servers (MM rules but just for fun) and lots of other gamemodes.
* Every once in a while, Valve creates an operation. An operation contains usually five maps for Matchmaking that anyone can play for free and if you pay 5 bucks to get the pass, you can get objectives to complete in exchange for weapon or case drops. It used to be quite cool although I didn't like Operation Vanguard. Currently there is no operation, which is also kind of strange.

All in all, I'd suggest picking it up because it's relatively cheap and quite fun. If you're not entirely sure, it sometimes goes as low as three bucks during a steam sale, so you can pick it up then."
"they recovered from a situation like this once before with the athlon64, it may be possible again.

Back then though, their competitor (intel) was also at a very bad place businesswise where they were just making processors bigger and bigger and hotter and hotter.   Intel's recovery from that mistake, and continuance of their tick tock cycle has kept them very much on a good path recently though.

It will be tougher for AMD than it was back in the athlon64 days"
"He's probably referring to the idea that mobile gamers used to free and dollar games will suddenly start tossing hundreds of dollars at consoles and games.  

That is an incredibly hard sell because of the huge gulf in commitment and variance in how mobile gamers approach games and how they would need to approach a console.  

"
Sweet. I miss vanguard and haven't played much since. Really a shame they don't add a way for public lobbies to still exist with those maps. I mean with matchmaking.
"You ever wonder if you have somehow, unintentionally, bitten off more then you can really chew?  Cause that's how I feel with the way the WWE 2k15 Modding Community and my contributions there have gone.

Because now I feel like a bloody parent trying to keep his 2 children from beating each other up and stealing each others lunch money.

Sweet Christ this is tiring."
"Yup assuming it stays true to the 40% more IPC and starts at 8350 clockspeeds it could be better than intels 4790k, and if it's as cheap as the 8350 that'd be amazing value."
"Even then, some pros being banned for cheating isn't exactly something exclusive to CSGO anyway. Pretty much *every* professional organization has banned players for cheating, from the Olympics to the smallest esport. It's *not* banning people for cheating that would be more embarrassing.

Anyway, if banning some cheaters is considered embarrassing, then what would one call banning pros for ""being toxic"" as Riot did to some League of Legends pros?"
"One of my favorite games. I do find the DLC to be exceedingly overpriced, but usually you can wait a long time to get it on sale at a reasonable price.

Haven't played since the last expansion (since it hasn't gone on sale yet), but I can see myself losing another 400 hours to this game eventually."
"Playing GTA Heists with my group of friends is terrible. I have over 700 hours across ps3/ps4. They have a combined 20... maybe. So when we do heists they immediately want the most glamorous jobs, fly this, drive that, stealth this. And oh god it is horrible, on a certain setup you have to steal 2 very high-centered off-road vehicles, well they rolled them and failed many times. I offered to drive as I am far superior at it and nope. At one point I put myself in cover and went to cook food, it was that bad.


Even with great voice communication it is difficult. I know it is an issue with my group's skill and not the game but damn it can be frustrating, sure making 400k sounds good, but we spent 2 and half hours on one set up, and in all over 5 hours on one goddamn heist. Do other people have these issues? - of the difficult situation of not wanting to be an ass but wanting to save time? I mean damn, they aren't great at vehicular combat and frequently die, stealth missions are near impossible. I get that you want to learn how to fly the hydra or learn to drive a 4x4 but I have other shit to do... /rant"
"Probably my favorite game of the series.

People always talk about wanting a remake of FF7, but I would much rather play FF6 re-imagined in current console tech without the limitations of an SNES cart. "
"How's the week been for everyone? Figured I might stop lurking an actually participate for a change.

It's my birthday today, but really not sure if the last year has been that good. Do you lot look back and wonder if it's been a good year for yourselves? (copied this from what I wrote in the Free Talk Friday thread on /r/soccer but was wondering what any of you thought).

Also, being English and basically having only been talking to other people of similar ilk, what are other people's thoughts on the UK election stuff going (understandable that a fair amount of people won't really care about it or have just seen too much coverage of it so far)? I'm guessing most people from other countries wouldn't notice the difference whatever government is running the UK."
It really bothers me that they stopped making the DS remakes after 4. I was really looking forward to 5 and 6. They need to remake the older ones instead of the games that that have already been done or were just a generation or two ago... 
"Athlon64 had a huge range of innovations, and Intel's CPUs at the time were shit. Complete shit. The first Pentium 4 CPUs to come out were slower than the previous generation Pentium 3 CPUs. The Pentium 4 Netburst architecture was so bad that the whole thing was scrapped entirely. The highly succesful Core 2 series that Intel released in 2006 was a successor of the mobile Pentium 3 line. 

This time things are very different. Intel has consistently been producing really good CPUs. They haven't missed a step since Core 2 in 2006. AMD has not had any spare time to catch up, and I'm personally very doubtful that AMD will become competitive again in performance. I think there's a chance we'll see some good value CPUs here for good prices, but they won't get the performance crown back like they had during the Athlon64 days. "
"They butchered 4 pretty good from a mechanical and graphical standpoint, So I'm pretty glad they didn't continue in that vein.  But I agree I would  like to see some modernized remakes."
"Every game with a huge playerbase has a generally toxic community, just sort of comes with the territory. That said if I play 5 games in a day, probably only one person on my team is going to be super toxic. It's not that bad. 

That could be because I only play competitive though."
"Competitive pub = bad times cuz you need voice.

For casual games (the majority of my time playing) I would just mute voice. Makes the game way better."
"If they remade FF6, I'd only accept it if they brought VanillaWare on to do a full 2D re-imagining of the original sprite art.  Square's 3D art team makes everything look like an overly processed J-Pop video."
"Paradox loves doing that to their games, CK2 is still scheduled to have multiple large scale expansions released and its over 3 years old now.

And personally speaking as a gamer i love that they do it, because it gives you enough time to get tired of their games and have a few months off from playing them, only for another expansion to drop right around the time you felt like getting back into the game.

"
"I'd like to seem them do something clever with the art to try and capture the style of yoshitaka amano's original concepts If they do a remake.  It's a big part of what gave the original game it's unique flavor, and fantastic art is something squaresoft has lost touch with as they moved towards garnering more mass appeal.    
http://amano-artwork.tumblr.com/image/91279423644  
http://amano-artwork.tumblr.com/image/93204732265   
Proportions are still manipulated, but he's doing more with structure, posture, and orientation, and less with exaggerated facial animation than you typically see in japanese video game art. 
"
"Oh wow. I saw the logo and was ""oh god..."" but the game looks very nice! If the creator sees this, contact me! I'm a decent graphic artist!"
"It reminds me of playing Payday 2 with idiots.  I remember this one time I was playing this mission where you have to sneak into this guys house and steal all of his gold bars.  You can get tons of money from it if you do it right and the guys I were with have done it plenty of times.  But there was an idiot in the group and he decided it was a smart idea to trip the lasers in the vault.  And we failed to get all of the gold because the cops came in and killed us all.

Source:  I was the idiot."
"I'm building my first ever PC soon. I have all the parts except the CPU cooler, which comes on monday. This is going to be a long weekend of staring at my parts pile... I can't wait!"
By the time this comes out there will be 'leaks' of the next big release. You will be perpetually waiting if you stay in this mindset. 
"I'm in the middle of my first play-through right now, and I'm having a blast.  Unfortunately I know a ton of spoilers already, but nevertheless I'm having tons of fun with it. (Unlike FF7, which is a shame, but it just didn't click for me.)  I'll bookmark this 'Making of' for later."
"**TL;DR**

1 new community map

Night Versions of (several) current Maps 

~~four~~ 5 new weapons

Gunmaster Game Mode

Former Battlefield Map Remade for BF4

"
"I don't think anyone here gets what they are trying to do. It is correct that the mobile game will not directly lead to console purchases, but that is not the point. These mobile games are glorified advertisements.   

These mobile games will expand Nintendo's audience. All of the casual mobile gamers will now be familiar with Nintendo's IPs. If these mobile gamers decide to buy a console down the road they may be more inclined to go with Nintendo since they already are familiar with the characters.  "
"&gt; It's kind of embarrassing that competitive matches get DDOSed to hell

Thats not on Valve, but on the players/teams/organizations"
If you are playing MM just remove dust2 from the map list and if you are playing in anything else.. well you just have to server hop a lot. I don't get the dust2 hard on. Drives me insane.
"Best FF game of all time, one of my top games of all time, and easily in my top 3 RPGs of all time.

Always wanted a prequel game to FF6. Wonder what Kefka was like before he went mad from the magitek infusion"
He actually released his own source mod called Kreedz Climbing. It was a TON of fun but it's most likely dead now.
"They're open about the aesthetic packs basically being a fundraiser.  Most of us just don't buy them.  Who needs em'?  Regarding the expansions, I have a hard time calling the company nickel and dime when they give away half of the new features for free."
This is great that the devs they handed it over to have continued to support this game for so long! Very excited to see night maps. 
"Any more?

I don't think many people ever finished games. Back in the day, they would ramp up the difficulty to increase the playtime. How many people finished King's Quest before internet walkthroughs were a thing? Or the extremely punishing Battletoads?

I'm pretty sure completion rates are more or less the same. It's just that we can see them now that Steam tracks it."
"As far as I know, Yoshimitsu is kinda like a title of the leader of said ninja clan (Manji Clan). This title goes with the sword and the mask. Events in Soul Calibur take place several hundred years back into history. So Yoshimitsu in that game is the same leader of the same ninja clan, but inside the costume is probably different human. But as person above said, his actual identity is intentionally left ambiguous, so any theory about him at this point is as viable as the other. "
"I'm currently at work observing the damage done in our server room after a rack fell over yesterday.

2700 pounds isn't good on raised floors and freon pipes, kids."
"Name three popular MMOs where quests don't consist of...

1. Kill/Collect X amount of things.
2. Kill/Use Item on random named mob.
3. Go talk to X or escort X to next quest hub.

That definition of grind is stupid because it literally describes the entire MMO genre."
"Yeah - there was that comment on /r/globaloffensive I think where one player's grandmother looked at him like he was a little slow because he'd been on the same ""level"" for 10 years and hadn't completed it yet."
Premium edition is also on sale right now for $25 with the origin25 discount code at checkout...  Looks like it might be time for me to finally jump in.
Nuke is probably the least balanced map in the game. CT wins almost all the time. Cool design though.
As a software programmer I can confirm that this is exactly how programmers type in real life. By smashing their hands on the desk.  It really helps those bits fly out of our head!
"Unless there's a radical change, power efficiency is the new focus in design, and I can't really see that focus changing in the next couple of years."
"You must have missed some skylake [leaks](http://www.overclock3d.net/articles/cpu_mainboard/intel_skylake_i7_performance_figures_leaked_and_pictured/1)...

intel is not breaing its legs trying to get better performance when theres no competition"
"Just look at their nasty YouTube policies and programs compared to every single other fucking AAA company. Nintendo lives in a fantasy land of no consequences because of nostalgia and heavy liquid assets. There is nothing forcing them to ""get with the times""."
"Smart phones are multipurpose devices seen as essential by most people, that already let you play games, and are usually obtained for way below msrp with contract and will always be with you.

This isn't a this or that argument, they already have a smartphone.

A new 3ds also costs more than $150
"
"Is the game worth picking up now?  Not just value wise but in terms of mechanics, have they fixed all the problems?"
DICE LA really deserves to get to make own game. With BF4 they have shown that they make good design decisions etc.
"Eh. I mean, it was different. And if you were looking for a straight remake of FF4 you were probably disappointed, but I found myself enjoying it a lot. I thought the graphics were alright and the changes in the combat at least made for a new feeling experience. Though some ability combos were pretty broken they were fun to mess around with."
"Same. FF6 and Chrono Trigger were the games that grabbed my attention when I was younger. I can still go back and play them with as much enjoyment now as I did then. For me at least, they hold up better than almost any other games. They're compelling stories with interesting gameplay."
"Meh, there are still plenty of scrubs. It is no harder to get into 1.6 now than it has been for a decade, it always had a tough learning curve and your statement was as true in 2005 as it is today.

What a game, to last this long and still be one of the top games, almost as impressive as wow, if you did not consider the fact that wow still has subscription fee."
Products take a while to R&amp;D. Just look at how long Intel was getting stomped before they came out with something that could fully beat AMD.
"It is, this is the time to get it. The game runs amazingly smooth for how nice it looks. They took care of the problems and then some. In my opinion."
"Shameless plug for anybody interested in surfing: Come play on ReSurfed in TF2! Bonus: TF2 is a free game! The TF2 surfing community is getting bigger all the time, it works just as well as in CS:S or CS:GO and costs nothing to try it out. http://www.resurfed.com"
That's hilarious and totally understandable. When I first watched by boyfriend playing I couldn't understand why anyone would pay for a game with only one map. I now know there is only 1 true map. 
"There are plenty of jump/climb maps, I think he was referring to kreedz mod being dead, not the scene in GO."
"man...getting 1 shot by someone with the awp or the ak47 (which was like 10 times worse) through the doors right after the round started was the worst feeling ever. always happened after full buy, too."
"It's unfortunate but AMD is already lagging behind something between 15 and 30% in most similarly priced processors.

their 40% increase in performance should put them on equal grounds with what Intel has by then, but even then, we're not sure how it would play out, because if they're power hungry chips, they're at a big loss."
Concur. I'd rather play a sort of FF6 HD with graphics similar to the [PSP remakes](http://www.hardcoregaming101.net/finalfantasy/ff1/ff1-psp1.jpg) and a re-recording of the music.
"That sounds like you loved one of the specific endings, whilst this thread is about the trope it represents which is presenting you with those endings in the first place.

So to bring it back on topic would you not say that you loved the ending because of the actual game and everything that lead up to it, rather than the fact that it ultimately didn't have a real effect? If the game had forced the futile ending, would that not have been a much better choice than the 4 way split they chose instead?"
"Does it still take forever to unlock things?  I played it about a year ago and I felt that I was at a significant disadvantage against players that had better guns, equipment and vehicle abilities; not to mention that they were simply way more skilled than me at the game.  It didn't make for a very fun experience for a noob like me."
"Considering how much they have redesigned in BF4 because design sucked donkeys dick or community wanted it gone, not even mentioning whole performance fixing, shows that they can get shit done."
I have to say that I was pretty disappointed that they didn't move on to FF VI after doing the PSP version of IV. I was really looking forward to the idea of VI with significantly nicer graphics.
"It can take a while, but there are so many EXP boosts from battle packs and 2XP weekends that it helps a lot.

As well, if you know someone who's good with a particular vehicle, roll with them as a passenger using an engineer class. Getting kills as a gunner, repairing while in-vehicle will earn you easy points for that vehicle."
"&gt;gets constant updates and improvements

Heh. 

Sure, Valve update the game a ton, but a lot of the time they *really* fuck it up. 

"
"I couldn't disagree more, I thought the revamped combat really made the game. A lot of the bosses seemed overpowered but status effects *actually worked* instead of missing every goddamn time like in the original. As a result, you could make liberal use of slow, sleep, etc to move the game along without grinding. Unless you're talking about the mobile remake and not the DS one, because that one was objectively just complete shit."
"Given AMD is at the mercy of third party fabrication plants, it's unlikely they'll ever be able to compete with Intel on a power basis, barring massive architectural advantage."
"Guild Wars 2? You mean that game where you go from heart to heart doing various ""activities"" (definitely not quests) until you complete said heart, before moving onto the next one? Activities that include...killing mobs, collecting things, and using items (definitely not quests)? Just because it doesn't have a yellow exclamation mark doesn't mean it's not a quest. Guild Wars 2 does a good job of hiding the nature of what you're doing, but you're still doing the same types of things as you would be in any other MMO."
"I'm on another playthrough of this game right now. I've played it to completion five or six times, and had half-started or half-completed it a dozen other times. It's honestly one of the best games I've ever played. I'm at just under 40 hours right now, getting ready for the final dungeon (in the game, not the GBA specific ones). There's so much depth in that game, both in the story and in the mechanics. 

I'm playing on an emulator, primarily on my phone, but I have my save in my Dropbox so I can pick it up on my PC if I want to."
"Apparently BF4 got handed to other Dice devs after release and if that's the case, then hats off to them. They've done a great job supporting it and cleaning up the original studio's mess. "
Lack of classes wont necessarily mean you won't be able to specialize in certain skills. Look at how CoD 2 did it. If you picked a close range primary weapon you had access to more grenades than someone with a rifle. Hopefully they do something like that with Battlefront.
"If you are keen on empire building, then EU4 is by far their most well rounded and polished game. It's not that hard to get into if you just check out a few episodes of a lets play on youtube. If you are after a more character driven ""game of thrones esque"" experience then look no further than CK2. "
"You don't unlock ""better"" guns - the starter weapons are perfectly on par with others in the game. You are at a disadvantage when it comes to vehicles, though."
"There is also the chance of some older ""retro"" battlefield maps being remade for BF4, but it is unconfirmed."
"They have enough volume for exclusive runs at fabrication plants. Once you become large enough, you don't need to worry about whether it is in-house or third-party."
"AN94 RETURNS!

I started playing BF4 again about two weeks ago after abandoning it 2 months or so after release and it is a far more enjoyable game than it was, glad that they've been keeping on top of it"
"Yeah, and the [Death Valley](http://battlefield.wikia.com/wiki/Death_Valley) map from the Armored Kill expansion. 

However, those were both normal maps with different lighting that simply made them a bit darker. In Death Valley, they used a bright full moon and cold blue/white light to create the illusion of darkness, even though it wasn't actually dark. 

These maps are different, however. They're based on the community fan-made conversions where the global lighting is turned off and so the maps are actually pitch black except for light sources like headlights, overhead lights, flares, gunfire, etc. 

They've made modifications to provide some global illumination and add lighting sources (because otherwise it's too dark to see anything most of the time), but they're actually mostly truly dark for the first time in the series' history - unlike the previous ""dark"" maps in BF3/BF2/BFBC2. "
I would love for AMD to be competitive in the CPU market once again. It's been over a decade now since it was a good idea to buy one for a gaming rig in my opinion. I've had no problem supporting their GPU side of things but it would be nice to have the option for CPUs as well and without the competition intel will definitely stagnate.
"Holy shit! $1.25 Billion paid out to AMD from Intel to settle all legal suits. 

Damn you nasty Intel, what in the world were you trying to do? Take it over??"
"I suspect this is a long term bet on gaining visibility for their IP. Right now kids aren't growing up with Mario and Zelda et al anymore, but instead the likes of Minecraft, Angry Birds etc. 

Obviously no one is going to play one of these mobile games and immediately rush out to buy a 3DS and Wii U. But if the time comes for them to buy a system and if they are familiar with those IP, they might be more inclined to go with Nintendo to play more of those games.

Personally I suspect their long-term plan is to launch a device agnostic platform, in which case promoting their IP is even more important and this move makes more sense."
"There are a lot of great storylines that were set up that seeing some of the past for would be fun.  Like Locke and Rachel's story, who Celes was in the Empire and before, General Leo, Sabin and Edgar both coming into their own after that coin toss (or before), etc.  So many awesome characters that seeing more into would be a treat."
"If you get Premium on PC you can join the Community test environment (CTE, has it's owns [subreddit](/r/Battlefield_4_cte)) and try out the new weapons, and see the new map in development.

It's one of the contributing things to why the game has improved so much since release. 

(Not sure if you already know about it, but just general information for those that don't)"
Don't make excuses for people being toxic online. It should not be in anyway unreasonable to assume that you can play a video game online without people trying to insult/threaten you. We should be better than that.
"I completely missed the background story for Shadow and Relm in my first playthrough and was absolutely amazed when I visited an inn with Shadow for the first time in my second go. It's awesome how they've hidden these small things. It's completely optional, but it adds so much to especially Shadow's character."
"&gt; Yeah, actual major sieges that sap your manpower and require defense because if you lose the siege force it can set your war effort back a ton.

It also will tend to force decisive battles, with the possibility of regrouping.

&gt; However it will become a other if it makes every conquest of an OPM a massive endeavor that takes years to come back from. 

That's probably not a terrible thing.  Between that and the free-city mechanic, at least some OPMs should survive to more modern times."
Giving OPMs some extra weight so they don't universally vanish 5 years after start date isn't a bad thing imo (unless you're after a world conquest).
"I think Paradox games are very firmly in the niche of people who want to spend a few days reading guides and micromanaging numbers.

Much like dwarf fortress I don't think there are ""casual masses"" clamboring to get in if only it took 8 hours to learn instead of 16."
"There's a bee that's hanging outside my window buzzing around and slamming into it over and over again. What are its life goals? Doesn't it have anything better to do?  When will it realize it can't get through the window? Does it have friends? Is it lonely? Can I be its friend? Will a human/bee relationship even work? How can we have sex? What will our babies be like? Will there be racism against them?

Life holds many mysteries."
"If only it had functional sound design...

Seriously, you can't tell up from down in that place. I hear footsteps in Heaven and then the bomb gets planted at B because they went Secret."
Yeah they handed the development to DICE LA. DICE LA is a mix of DICE Stockholm and ex Danger Close (The people who made MoH: Warfighter) employees. They have done an excellent job at keeping the game alive and fixing issues.
It's still stupid. AWPs are balanced but rifles have jack shit spamming ability and it makes it extremely difficult to challenge an AWPer who is sitting in CT with a rifle. Or punish a person sitting in one of the corners.
"Yeah, even though Soul Calibur V had no real story mode outside of that Patroklos arc deal, the art book said that Yoshimitsu was a new one that killed the previous one."
"Well, you had the classic competitive ones like de_dust, de_dust2, de_nuke, de_train, de_inferno, de_aztec, and de_cbble.

Then the more modern competitive ones like de_cpl_fire and de_cpl_mill.

Then you've got the uber fun classics like de_vertigo, cs_militia, cs_office, de_vegas, de_rotterdam, de_piranesi, cs_italy, cs_estate, cs_arabstreets, and cs_assault.

Then you've got the countless custom maps like fy_iceworld, aim_awp, de_jeepathon2k, fy_pool_day, cs_walmart, etc.

CS has the best map selection!"
"Its not the tournament that is getting DDOSed, its the players themselves. Its an issue with Dota 2 as well. Players just dont take the necessary precautions to prevent the DDOS."
"I was wondering that since the game's .rpf files still can't be edited, so does ICEnhancer work the same way SweetFX does?"
"Right up until the point you realise you've put a great big ""shoot me"" beacon on your gun that can be seen across the map :p"
"I agree that these corporate  practices are nasty, but I am not going to jump on the Intel-hate bandwagon that always happens when people bring this up.

The problem isn't Intel, the problem is the way we regulate (or, don't) corporations.   Intel, just like any other corporation, is built solely to maximize profits for shareholders.  There is no good or evil, there just is money.  They do whatever they can to make the most money.

AMD would have done the exact same thing if they had the opportunity.  

I wish people would stop pretending there are ""Good"" companies and ""Bad"" companies, because they all operate with the same goal.

If you don't like the way it works, you have to change the political system that is supposed to be keeping the corporations in check.  Unfortunately, it seems like the corporations are the ones controlling the politics, so it's awfully hard to do. "
"Klei Entertainment is such an awesome studio and never stops to deliver games that are exceptional on their own ways. From Mark of The Ninja to Don't Starve(Don't Starve Together). Now, I can't wait til I get this."
"Well, GTAIV came out 7 years ago. That's why it looks so much better now. The PC version looks a small amount better than current gen, but also runs at above 30fps. The key here is that in 5 or 6 years, GTA V will still look like GTA V on current gen consoles, and the PC version will look like a brand new AAA game."
"&gt;They improved on an already good game.

Uhhh they took a base game that was broken in parts and had some serious design flaws, and made it into a VERY good FPS."
"They already did, it was Medal of Honor: Warfighter. They're the remains of Danger Close. But in many ways, with the amount of rework they've done, they've pretty much built everything but the scenery for BF4 in it's current incarnation."
"I realise this is very much in early development, but i'm honestly struggling- at least at this point, to see any difference."
"Does this game still have it's strange performance issues? I played it on Origin Game Time shortly after it came out. It would run at 60fps for about 10-20 seconds, hang for 3, run for 10-20 seconds, hang for 3, rinse and repeat. Completely and utterly unplayable. "
"Dude... There is a huge difference between creating and improving, especially in game design. To improve on something is a lot simpler and easier than to create from scratch. "
It means if you have a subscription to EA access you can play FIFA 15. It's 30 bucks a year and you get to play most of EA's back catalog. It's only on Xbox One though.
What about spotting?  Couldn't you just mash the spot button and put a little dorito on top of any otherwise hidden enemies?
"OpenIV was supposed to be released to the public this week for GTA V. Sadly it got delayed for a few days because of some critical issues. At the moment it is in a private beta.

&gt;This is true.

&gt;We are working on it right now, literally right now.

&gt;The release was planned on yesterday, but in the last moment, we discover some critical issue, so release is delayed for few days.

http://gtaforums.com/topic/388289-rel-openiv-including-openformats/page-111#entry1067432620"
"Basically the source engine has funky physics, so the surf mode in counterstrike takes advantage of that, and players ""surf"" on various ramps and steep slopes, and do impossible air maneuvers.

Maps can vary from purely obstacle-course maps (you pass different zones, with increasing surf difficulty), gun surf maps (CT vs T, but 99% of the map is surfing ramps and void air), or a combination."
"This is true. By rank 10 you'll have found some guns you excel with. My top weapons aren't the typical 'best' weapons, but I do best with them. (sg552, PKP, Unica etc).

And yeah, trying to unlock anything with the jet when all you have is the jet's cannon and you're flying against veteran pilots loaded to the hilt...that is a steep climb.

Also, if you're new, join a big (32, 48, even 64 player) Team Death Match server because you'll get the most exp that way."
"Still, the bulk of the work isn't from them. Yes, what they did is commendable,  but lets no get ahead of ourselves. "
"Use the AK-5C Carbine... the all around Gun is an easy XP filler. 

Add a 'Kobra' scope, and 'Muzzle Brake"" for the barel and a 'Potato grip"" for the underbarrel and you'll be killing easily in no time. I should [probably know.](http://i.imgur.com/hCrI5Zs.jpg)"
I havent played in a few months and sucked but the game ran very well with basically no crashing for me. Definitely a good time to hop in especially with this new free content on the way. 
"Soo.. he just edited the timecycle? That's it? People can't compare this to his ENB shader stuff.  
Not even in the slightest. I don't understand why this is such big news."
"So to get some things out of the way;

* Yes it's Alex and Vinny
* Yes it's a ""Quicklook"" that is over an hour long
* Yes they are not rocket scientists so some things are going to go sideways

Now that that is out of the way, enjoy the good Quicklook."
"So I got a Dual Shock 4 recently(PC Gamer), and it is by far the best controller I've ever owned. D Pad rocks, touch pad is an awesome, awesome thing to have on a controller that you use for the PC that you don't really know you need until you have it. Triggers feel great. Don't really need to use the motion controls but that's cool. I can make it glow purple which just tickles my jimmies in the best way.

But the reason it's the best controller I've ever owned is for a different reason.

Finally, finally, after years and years of waiting, I can switch the left and right sticks and triggers on any game I play.

You have no idea how much this means to me.

I have a physical issue with my right hand, which means obviously that I'm left handed, but I'm left handed by necessity, I don't have an option. 

This has influenced my gaming experience in a lot of ways, some things I'll never be great at, I've learned a lot about modifying txt files, I've learned how to adapt for the most part.

But one thing that has never sat well with me is the attitude of other gamers when it comes to controller preferences. I have to go to forums a lot for help in finding file paths and I've written guides on how to set up certain games for lefties, and 9 times out of 10 I'm met with such contempt and bitterness that you'd think I personally assaulted all these people by asking questions. 

I don't expect anyone who's never HAD to deal with it to understand, but it's baffling and frustrating.

It's bad enough that it's 2015 and most games don't have a left handed option, let alone a custom configuration, but the amount of vitriol people produce when you suggest that you SHOULD have these things is just the shittiest thing that I've ever had to deal with about gaming.

And now that's over thanks to the DS4 and I'm very, very glad, and just wanted to share that today."
"With the current sale, is it worth getting the digital deluxe or the premium edition or should the standard edition be good enough for someone barley getting into Battlefield?"
"Maybe it could work like Gulf of Oman. When the sand storm hits, spotting distance is drastically reduced. Maybe they could add that shortened spotting mechanism to the night maps.       ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯ "
"&gt; This is amazing this is a pre alpha of icenhancer that i got to help with testing bug testing etc etc, this mod removes the ugly fog in the game it also makes water reflection better and colors better well judge for yourself.

From the video description. This is more a 'proof of concept' and probably to show that someone is working on it."
"That's definitely not true. AMD is still on 28nm(?) for its Steamroller architecture. Intel *was* on 22nm and is now on 14nm. The 14nm transition admittedly took more time than it was supposed to, but it's here now. AMD's new architecture (the one referenced here) is going to, most likely, the 16nm finfet process--not even where Intel is at 14. Meanwhile, Intel is working on going to 10nm.

It's not like Intel was always ahead, but we used to have all kinds of cutting edge chip fabs out there and now we're down to four: Intel, Samsung, TSMC, and GlobalFoundaries (who i believe are owned in part by AMD!)

Two of those are either vertically integrated, or partially vertically integrated. As the amount of effort and cash required to shrink further (which, in chip manufacturing context, equates to ""improve"") increases i suspect the world is going to become even more vertically integrated."
"I posted to /r/gaming first which is probably a huge mistake, but I wanted to share this mod of a PS4 controller I did for anyone who is considering getting one to use with their PC.

http://i.imgur.com/GWXTXVu.jpg

I replaced the original sticks in the DS4 with Xbox One sticks, since those are considerably more grippy and less prone to the plastic flaking off. Xbox buttons are too deep to be used in the DS4, so I bought clear aftermarket buttons and painted them the correct colors using acrylic paint.

The result is what you see above. It's great for PC users because if you use a controller, 99.9% of games these days display the prompts as Xbox buttons. When I'm first learning the controls of a game, it has helped tremendously.

Just started the Witcher 2, hope to have it finished by the time The Witcher 3 comes out a few weeks from now."
"Wow, nice clickbait PCGamer.

On Hayssam's Facebook page, he says this:

&gt;Checked the latest pics, graphics settings and stuff of V as it's everywhere.

&gt;As expected, **the game does not require graphical modding (maybe color processing but that's it).**

&gt;Had a talk with Boris and he's also wondering the same thing, **it seems to be not worth it and the features we and he can implement are mostly minor features** like he said which is true.

&gt;Game already had a lot of tech on PS4/One.
I have V on 360/PS4/One and **the only thing that could maybe bother me was the weather/colors, that's pretty much it.**
Game has its own artistic way and it fits the game.

&gt;I'll modify the game but in the future, not now. Game is already pretty, people will surely modify it before me and do graphic mods with Reshade or SweetFX or whatever. I don't like these kinds for a game like that. But I don't wanna use these to modify the game, actually we don't even need it.
(But Crosire did an amazing job on it, and it's very good for older games to make them shiny again).

All he did was modify the sky, fog, and post-processing a bit:

&gt;I removed the DOF weird noise shit during player transition and weapon changing, reduced the fog amount, i hated it, removed the blurry background, changed the sun color to something more neutral, less brown. changed the water, and removed the post effects for each character (as you may know, each character in V has their own post-processing).

**EDIT:** It seems to be more confusion because of the embedded video's title saying it was iCEnhancer. PCGamer isn't completely responsible, though the article should have a better title."
"I stopped playing Destiny a few weeks after the last expansion released because I ran out of activities to do.

This expansion addresses most of the concerns I had about content, especially the lack of variety in armor and weapons. I'm especially excited for new PvP maps and modes. However, can't say I'm really sold on Prison of Elders as a raid replacement until I play it. 

PoE really just looks like a modified version of Firefight from Halo. I would have preferred a little bit more randomization and unique boss fights, but I guess time will tell how much longevity that mode has. My biggest concern is really the difficulty and if the harder modes are worth the frustration as the most difficult mode is artificial difficulty (level 35 enemies, where you max level is 34)."
"It performs signiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiificantly better now than any time near release. I played like I had no life for about 100 hours and gave up out of frustration with the performance and uninstalled. Came back a few months ago on the same PC, and it worked great. "
"&gt; Battlefield 5 is going to be announced very shortly.

doubt it, right now the focus is on battlefront. they'll probably announce a new bf game after launch for holiday season 2016."
Best Final Fantasy. I played it well after X had come out and enjoyed it more than all of the others in the franchise. Kefka was a much more enjoyable villain than Sephiroth for me. Some of the shit that goes down in the later parts of the game just doesn't happen in most RPGs. This needs to be remade so much more than VII. VI has never had 3D treatment. Just the last few hours would be batshit insane. I think this would easily be many people's favorite if it was remade.
"I work for one of the biggest IT resellers in the uk. Pretty much every device has an AMD version yes, but absolutely no one is buying them, their market share is tiny in corporate desktops and servers. 

Most customers see them as the cheap, shifty option and in reality they're right. "
"You mean abandoning the most profitable audience they had for ~20 years and start a direct competition with Playstation, XBox and the PC. I see no future in that direction."
"Wow. How did I not know about this? DMC needs a revival, and what an unexpected (albeit very much welcome) way to do it!"
Interesting stuff. Obviously the life cycle of the game is a huge thing here. But also the forecasted revenues from the two scenarios of consumers buying the game and thr latter of consumers buying dlc such as team packs 
"I usually buy games new to support the developer, especially when brand new games are barely $5 less used, it's hardly worth costing the developer a sale just to save $5. I can understand why people may not get them on day one for sure, but games are usually available new for around a year or so on average. I try to avoid buying used games unless I can't find a new copy or if the game is old enough that new copies don't result in profit for the creators (basically, when a ""new"" copy is just a secondhand sale of an unopened game).

That said, I don't really begrudge anyone for wanting to pay less for their games. I just do my best to support developers I like if I can."
"I am happy to hear this news, I am going to stay optimistic and hope that EA is tired of the hate and truly wants to start changing things with their customers. Still as much as I have enjoyed recent battlefield games I am eagerly hoping for even just a remake of Battlefield 2142."
"Contrary to BF3, 3d spotting is ""blockable"" in BF4 by stuff like smoke, sand, distance etc. So it would easily be possible to reduce it."
"That audience was lost when it transitioned to the tablet and phone gaming market. They chased it with the WiiU and we saw where that went. I don't doubt they'll make money off their mobile games for the phone, but now that that's split off they can also return to the more traditional gaming market instead of making these hybrid failures."
"Microsoft is not paying for the service to be exclusive on their platform. Sony refused to allow the service on the Playstation because it would compete with Sony's own rental service, PS Now.

Why is is not on PC? I would assume because the market for sports games on PC is not as big as it is on consoles, which EA Access is, mostly sports games."
"[This is what a surf map looks like.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sf8o2GdSDio)

I don't understand much about it, but it looks relaxing as hell. I think it has to do with reducing the ""friction"" of the map to 0 so you can slide off everything and let the momentum and gravity to do it's job while you run the course."
"The chibi art style is an atrocious attempt to ""modernize"" older games and it pisses me off that they keep doing this shit."
"EA just easily shrugs the hate off... 

The ""Hate"" generated by the community has not significantly impacted their sales or actions in the slightest. "
I think they mean that they already own the base game and want to upgrade to premium. I'm interested in this too.
"Some of the bosses do have unique abilities not found elsewhere.  One of the knight bosses has an ability where he stomps the ground and for 10 seconds you take damage if you are standing on the floor (floor is lava basically).  But yeah, they are all still the same models and basic abilities (grenade launcher knight, eye laser ogre, shield guy centurion, etc.) as other bosses."
"I get your point, but I think you're dismissing a few important factors. First of all, there are actually people who run these companies, and they don't all do the same things when presented with the same opportunities. They're not robots running on the exact same software. Even if you consider all of these people to be lacking any moral fortitude and all relatively equally desire to make money, they still have different thoughts on how to make money. Even if there were a situation in which it's an obviously easy way to make money, there is also risk assessment to consider, and to a degree these people will vary on how they assess risk. 

That part doesn't argue that some companies are capable of having a moral high ground, as I mentioned the possibility that all people involved lack moral fortitude, but it does make for a possibility that they won't all take the morally bankrupt option for a chance to make money. Furthermore, focusing on their immoral activities in some industries alters their risk assessment. While it may not be as effective in monopolistic markets, it can be more effective in others. Even in duopoly nearing monopoly markets such as broadband providers, look at what recently happened. Comcast's attempted purchase of Time Warner was shut down, and in part Comcast and TW helped to screw over that deal because they have absolutely shitty customer service. People hate them, and it adds that extra motivation for consumers to call up the FCC and complain, which gives the FCC that extra motivation to shut it down. Now Comcast announces a plan to revitalize their customer service at the cost of hundreds of millions of dollars, even though they don't really have to compete with anyone which is why they thought they could get away with it before, they now realize it can come back to screw them over in other ways. It isn't illegal for them to provide shitty customer service and we don't have to make it illegal for them to change their ways, and obviously up until recently they thought it was the best way to maximize profits to shirk their customer service obligations, and clearly they learned that there is a limit to how shitty they can be before it backfires on them.

Some companies use the ""moral high ground"" as a competitive advantage, simply because consumers expect it from them even though they're not legally required to do so. Even though we're not calling for Google to be broken up in the US, they're still doing some things that we consider to be more morally beneficial because they know it helps them make more money. Of course they don't always take the moral high road, but in some cases they clearly make a point of highlighting that they are doing so and it does give them a competitive advantage.

I think Intel hate can be perfectly fine if there is a justified reason to do so and if it's done in an appropriate manner, as it ultimately could affect risk assessment for Intel executives. Of course I'm not sure how effective it is in their market, because they lack serious competition in the x86 market and they are so far a non-factor in the mobile devices market, but as a general rule it can work to affect positive change in behavior from companies without having to alter the legal framework through which they operate."
"Also, if the rumors are correct, it sounds like Igarashi will start a kickstarter on Monday for a Castlevania-like game."
"GlobalFoundries is definitely not owned in part by AMD. It is a consortium from ~~Saudi Arabia~~ Abu Dhabi that purchased a lot of chip fabrication plants across the world, including AMD's own fab. 

In short, AMD gave up their pursuit for cutting edge CPU technology when they sold their fabrication plants out of necessity."
"I think I'm in the minority that absolutely loved the new Medal of Honor's that came out, especially Warfighter. I loved the multiplayer too, what's everyone's thoughts on those games?"
Maybe this just means you have access to all the equipment and can create your own custom weapon loadout rather than defined roles. You know like the article says. Maybe it's not really that big a deal it's just different.
"I don't see the lack of classes as a bad thing. I think making your character's function be determined by loadout selection is a good thing.  Though, I do wonder how they are going to handle what your character looks like. Perhaps you just pick an avatar and give it a loadout?  No silhouettes helping you know the capabilities of your enemies may be really interesting and/or bad."
"I played the first reboot through twice. Great campaign. It definitely had stupid bugs, lots of pop-in and enemies spawning, stupid AI that wouldn't progress... but the immersion I felt and the intensity of some sequences were just awesome."
they could have it so there's obvious pieces of equipment depending upon load out choices. Like maybe choosing a sniper gives your a camo suit while choosing a heavy weapon makes him more armored. 
"Yeah, the core of the game was developed in Stockholm. I've said this before, but it makes no sense to just give credit to one of the studios. They're both DICE, and there's a bunch of ex Stockholm devs currently working in LA anyway. What they've done is basically just shifted development of BF4 to where there's resources available to work on it while Stockholm is busy with ME2 and Battlefront. It's basically simple company management at work... "
"Those pvp map descriptions were so clinical it just made me sad;

""It features long sniper lines as well as close quarters battle.""

""The really interesting part is the center of the map, because it's the focal point.""

It's like... why bother at that point?

Expansion looks alright, but no raid makes me worried. I've seen so many other games do the 'arena-based horde mode' and almost none of them are that interesting, especially when base Destiny was already chock full of wave based horde mode style missions. We'll see, that tease at the end; ""building your character towards something"" was interesting at least. 
 "
"The problem that arises is balancing. It's going to basically be impossible to balance the combinations. Classes give you the benefit of having these pre-balenced loadouts, ie no sniper rifle or rocket launcher with ammo packs. This will give less incentive to work as a team. Add onto that the lack of squads, and it makes me worried it's gonna be a call-o-duty-esque experience. "
"Doubt either of those are true. 

They already have microtransactions, and adding in a couple of maps for free isn't a big deal for them considering all the other DLC, which is significantly more content than what they are planning, is under Premium. Also, considering almost every player who plays BF4 is a Premium member, they probably wouldn't make much money from an extra DLC anyway.

They just released a new Battlefield game and the main developers of Battlefield are working on Battlefront. It's going to be at least 2 years until the next one. Maybe it will be announced soon but it won't be out for a while.
"
"Squads fit the Battlefield franchise perfectly, because of the map sizes. It's frustrating to die, then spend the next 3 minutes trying to get back to where the action is, only to be killed immediately again. I doubt they'll have vehicle spawn so high that everyone gets their own speeder bike, so the majority of the match could potentially be a running simulator for a large portion of your team. "
"I'm very eager to try out this Special Edition, for both Virgil and what I think it will lead to (DMC5 Hype) if enough people support it.

I worry that Virgil will make the game flat out easy mode, it seems the AI can't handle the speed his attacks come at."
"I bought it on release and over the past year my opinion went from ""I can't believe I bought this busted useless game"" to ""this is the best online FPS I've ever played"" and they keep making regular updates and improvements to it. It's a completely different and way better experience now than it was at launch or even the first 6 months after release.

I'd recommend just going with premium edition since it's only like $20-25 and you get a ton of extra content over the base game. The base game is still great and there's a lot of hours of fun to be had on those maps, but with premium edition being as cheap as it is now, I'd just go with that.
"
"You won't find a better time.  The worst of the problems are fixed, Premium is done, free content on the way and it's populated."
"Don't flashlights blind people within a certain range? I mean, it's not super useful, because they'll still know you're right in front of them, but if it works like I remember than it still has *a* use."
"Sure, if your definition of Call of Duty is ""a game that does not have classes or squads"" and ignore everything else about both games.
"
"http://store.steampowered.com/stats/


913,499 	  	Dota 2


544,824 	  	Counter-Strike: Global Offensive


157,412 	  	Grand Theft Auto V


68,088 	  	Team Fortress 2


61,716 	  	Football Manager 2015


39,884 	  	The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim


37,407 	  	Sid Meier's Civilization V


36,631 	  	Arma 3


34,380 	  	Garry's Mod


26,601 	  	**Counter-Strike**

That is not even including the non steam community.
"
"I believe one of the first games that will take advantage of the Linux port of the engine will be Evolve, based on recent changes on Steam database - https://steamdb.info/app/273350/depots/"
"I want Valdez Port, Arica Arbor, Harvest Day, Oasis,... I just want good Rush map to be back. I love Conquest in BF4 but Rush was soooo good in Bad Company 2 mostly because the maps were more adapted for this mode."
"By the way, does anyone know what Crytek is up to these days? I'm not aware of any game they're making at this point. Or did they stop making games and are focusing on the engine?"
"Pretty much literally. They last an hour, and I think I have about 400 or so, at least. There are people who have way more than that, too.

For me, that's 16 straight days of experience boosts.
"
"BF will never be competitive like CS:GO is competitive, it's the sacrifice that needs to be made for huge levels, big destruction, and projectile weapons with physics."
I could certainly see that issue arising but maybe they're trying to make troops less specialized and have something else in mind.  
"I actually find the attempt to do things differently to be a good sign that the developers are not just operating on auto-pilot to churn out a re-skinned battlefield game. Obviously trying new things is risky, but that's how you get the big rewards."
"I think most people just weren't looking for another gritty modern shooter when Warfighter came out, really. Personally I disliked the graphical choices they made (all the ambient occlusion of Far Cry 3, but without the brilliant art direction), but it didn't influence my decision to not buy it - I just wasn't interested.
The reviews weren't good either, as I recall. I think it was just a bit... unremarkable to most people."
"Why is it that everytime news comes out about battlefront, it is what the game **doesn't** have instead what it **does** have?  

In terms of classes, that's fine as long as there are still roles.  Let me build my own class to fill that role.

Squads were great in the older battlefield games but they are stupid as hell in the newer ones, mainly because of the constant spawning on squads.  But limiting it to 2 people does make it a bit better."
"Yeah COD with like vehicles, air combat, hero units and a third person camera. You know exactly like COD in every way."
"The higher tiers really turned me off of the game. They're just not for everyone. I really enjoyed the lower tiers where you spent 10-15 minutes throwing something good together and then playing. Mid-tier you might spend an hour theorycrafting and tweaking, and that's exciting because your robot starts to be somewhat different from others. High-tier is all about crazy stuff like triforcing where you strategically build the entire robot so you can't lose more than one piece from a plasma shot. Routing your damage away from your guns/wheels becomes a huge chore. It felt like too much work to design an effective robot to compete with the min-maxers and the people who copy effective builds from the Steam Workshop or YouTube. You could join a T9 or T10 game and it'd be full of people using the same robots they found on the Workshop"
It's damage control because of all the fans of the previous games whining that it's going to be a re-skinned Battlefield. 
"I prefer the specialization, because you knew, somewhat, what you were going up against. It incentivized paying attention to how the enemy looked. If I just killed a sniper, I know to look out for a spawn beacon. If I see an engineer, and we have a helicopter rekting face, I know to prioritize taking him out. With no set equipment for certain looks, there's now no depth to analyzing an enemy's look, unless they somehow have really in-depth character models that show what equipment the person has, but that's not very likely. "
Hopefully fixing their internal structure after losing Crytek UK and their other recent failures. For a while they were struggling to stay afloat. I'm still thinking they're going to fold over anytime soon. They really need to rethink their CRYENGINE support as its abysmal - coming from someone who has worked with it a fair share. 
"And then you realize that the FF concept art [has always looked that way](http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120725024347/finalfantasy/images/9/9a/Party_Artwork.jpg), you just never got it through sprites. "
"you can surf a bit even on default movement settings but map geometry that allows it doesn't really exist aside some really small exceptions in the maps that are played competitively

for the record, once you have started the sliding you only use strafe keys (generally A and D) and mouse movement to control yourself"
"The biggest demographic for this game will be 12-16 year olds, just like the last 2 games were. The game is changing to appeal to them, not to people who liked it 10 years ago. New game for a new movie for a new generation."
"As long as equipment like rocket launchers are clearly visible it shouldn't be horrible on its own.

My only worry is like what another user said: in games with large, 3 dimensional battles, being able to recognize classes on the fly is invaluable.  It'll suck to be in a tank without the ability to choose your targets because anyone could have explosives, for instance."
"""Announces"" is probably too strong of a word. They announced linux support was coming [over a year ago](http://time.com/22043/crytek-adding-linux-support-for-cryengine-bodes-well-for-steam-os/). This just states that linux support will be available to the public in the next big update.. or perhaps the one after that. 

They're woefully unspecific, so there really isn't any new information offered by this announcement. The state of their linux support is in the same state of limbo it was in yesterday. They've just reminded everyone that yes, they are actually working on it and it will probably release at some point."
"Oh boy, I can't wait to have to unlock all the different weapons for my loadouts!  That's absolutely my favourite thing about modern shooters.   Quake 3 was so much better after they added loadouts to the Steam version.  It's not like having clearly defined class roles makes for a more team work oriented strategic experience or anything.  I'm definitely going to spend real money in the online cash shop to get double XP for all my bros everytime we sit down for a sick pwnage session.  Can't wait to prestige another 10 times.  Going to buy the $90 pre-order right now!  *Uses exclusive victory emote from buying DDE* "
"I LOVE CSGO and competitive games. I love having some hardcore good players on my team and having constant communication and being in the clutch against 5 and pulling through. It's just a rush. 

But sometimes I don't. Sometimes I want to launch a jeep across the map with 300lbs of c4, slam into a helicopter, parachute down, knife some dude, quickly 180 and no scope the admin, tea bag him, and get banned for being too awesome. 

There's a place for competitive and a place for casual and absolute chaos. I'm happy they've been kept separate "
"The messages on [swordorwhip](http://swordorwhip.com/) make it seem like the only thing guaranteed for Monday is probably a livestream. Apparently the runes behind the chair read ""What a wonderful night for a KS"", so a Kickstarter's most likely coming at some point."
"BF was never about being competitive, nor should it be. Its optimized for 64 players mostly, not for 5vs5. 

Edit to your edit: I thought you meant optimized for e-sport events, nut just bug free. :-)"
"you should have said ""so, like if Dice took the concept of create a class system from Call of Duty and added it to Star Wars.""

Saying ""Dice made a Star Wars themed Call of Duty"" implies that They are overall very similar."
"In the article, it says

&gt;says players are able to **“freely”** pick their weapons and gear, 

If the quotation marks aren't added by the writer, but something from Fegraeus, then you could interpret it as there will be limits.

Sort of like what CoD did a couple of games ago, where certain weapon-accessories can't be used together. 

So, in a way I suppose they'll limit which items can be used together."
"[So this is how Skynet begins, eh?](https://www.stanwinstonschool.com/ckeditor_assets/pictures/1177/content_sarahconnorashdeath.jpg?1359444640)

Also what exactly was it doing that it wasn't supposed to? Any new features or something we should expect?"
"""We'll see, that tease at the end; 'building your character towards something' was interesting at least.""

So, like any MMO/RPG character?"
"I think I read somewhere that its based on a ""point"" system. Like, weapons and items are gonna have point costs, and the total of it cant get passed a certain value."
"It's treating comments like posts. That doesn't sound so bad but we've got a trigger for text-based submissions to prevent one line or one paragraph submissions to stop spam, but it's applying that to comments as well. So every comment under one paragraph is getting removed.

It's an issue."
"We have a command set to remove all self.posts under one paragraph, but for some reason it started removing all comments under one paragraph. 

Automod is under control now, but it removed a good amount of comments when it went crazy. Leave a reply if your comment was unjustly removed, and I'll try to re-approve it.
"
"There's about 10 hours of leveling through story missions, then you can do strikes (3 man) and patrols / daily bounties in the open world. 

There's also PvP matches. And raids, but only for pre-formed groups.

It has very good art, sound, and gameplay design. The story is a bit lacking, as are the grouping and social modes. Its basically an ""MMO-lite"" FPS game. 

You can probably get a used copy for $30 now, and buy the next two DLCs for another $35 for the full game announced at launch. 

Its far from perfect, but once I got past some of my lesser disappointments I'll admit its a very good game. 

If you don't like Borderlands or Halo, you'll likely not enjoy Destiny. If you do...well, you'll get 20-30 hours of this at minimum. And if you really enjoy it, some people have gotten 150-300 hours out of it chasing end game raids, loot, and achievements."
"Which isn't really working because any news about Battlefront, be it good or bad is met with excessive bitching from the fans of the previous games."
"Kind of a small thing, but does anyone else feel like there needs to be another difficulty between normal and hard? Normal is a cakewalk, even without hardly levelling, but it seems like you'll get really hammered on hard unless you've levelled a decent bit.


Obviously I haven't tried the later difficulties and I welcome the challenge! But it does feel like they're missing a step. Of course perk diversity later on may help this.
"
"I find hard mode is actually too easy once you and your friends get above level 10. That's with a coordinated group and not alone, though, and suicidal/HoE really takes teamwork."
"Exactly that. 2 kills per tier, team based on small maps usually. Usually goes Pistols&gt;PDWs&gt;Shotguns&gt;Carbines&gt;Rifles&gt;LMGs&gt;Snipers&gt;Grenade&gt;Knife.

It's actually pretty fun, assists can be infuriating but BF4 has the system where if you do more than 75 points of damage you get the kill credit so it'll be interesting to see how that comes in."
"Isn't that just a class system without calling it a class system? I mean, if I choose to use SMG's and I get different load out options than if I chose an assault rifle, then am I not just using the SMG class?"
"They did in the early days of Battlefield 3, but people complained, so they nerfed it pretty hard. They've been useless for a while now."
"Yeah, there isn't really enough information here. I'm glad we have some screens for a new map, but I was hoping for initial thoughts on how the alpha is going and potential changes."
"Hey, I'm founder of KZ-Climb CS:GO, one of the biggest NA organizations for KZ (KZ is synonymous with ""climb/jump"" mod). Going to post here to gain some visibility and inform people about KZ.


KZ is a custom game mode that involves difficult jumps and hard obstacles. The goal is to traverse through the map with the fastest time. To do so, players must utilize Counter-Strike movements mechanics such as strafing, long-jumps, and bunnyhops.


Players are given a Checkpoint and Teleport menu to help them, but runs completed without the use of any teleports are known as PRO runs.

The CS:GO KZ scene is very big and is getting bigger every day. Lots of big name KZ pros from 1.6 have already made the switch to CSGO KZ. There's new maps weekly, and top-tier runs are very competitive with [players getting new world records on a daily basis](http://joel.kapsi.fi/kzstats/#/).


Check out our [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCcZX_NB2dWwwlu5wCY7Wyw/) for the best runs. If speedrunning and constantly trying to beat yourself and others is in your alley, definitely give KZ a try!


There are many KZ community servers! You can find one near your location [on GameTracker](https://www.gametracker.com/search/csgo/?query=kz), or you can simply search for KZ on the in-game server browser.


It is pretty easy to get started, the community is one of the friendliest I've been involved with, and there are lots of resources to help:


**&gt;&gt;&gt;KZ Tutorials**


[CS:GO | KreedZ climbing mod intro/tutorial!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1uokoiz53s)


[CS:GO | in-depth airstrafe/LJ tutorial]
(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weaJYFaZMKw)


[CS:GO ""LAUNDERS"" - In-depth bhop tutorial]
(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EEmTajQMcQ)


[CS:GO | PRESTRAFE TUTORIAL](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ja7Fr01gHoI)


**&gt;&gt;&gt;Community**

[KZ-Climb Official Website](http://kz-climb.com)

[KZ-Climb Forums](http://kz-climb.com/forum/)

[KZ-Climb Steam Group](http://steamcommunity.com/groups/kz-climb)

[Official KZTimer Plugin Steam Group](http://steamcommunity.com/groups/KZTIMER)





Lastly, remember to have fun! :)
"
"&gt; The new system is ridiculously cheap and completely breaks the game IMHO because no matter how good your teamwork or flanking is, it takes only one person spotting to alert the entire enemy team to you and your squad's presence, and I don't feel that's fair.

As if BF2 were so much different with commander spotting spam, UAV, *and* scan. I don't like 3D spotting either, but BF2's spotting implementation wasn't really much less cheap."
"Ah, those disgusting grey market sellers. There's so many of them though. Which disgusting grey market seller are you talking about?"
"They only said that their demos in their GDC booth have Linux support, nothing in [the cited announcement](http://www.crytek.com/news/conference-attendees-can-also-see-a-brand-new-mobile-game-extra-engine-updates-and-much-more-at-crytek-s-booth) actually says anything about planning to release it beyond GDC.

AFAIK, this is the first time that they've officially gone out and stated that they will indeed be bringing the Cryengine to the average Linux user (GDC demo booths don't count), to the point where they've actually changed their EULA to reflect that it will finally be on Linux."
"The next expansion was referred to as Comet, and will be a full release. Supposedly it will be quite large. Though that's what they've said about the other expansions.. Supposedly it'll add new locations, subclasses etc. So meatier than HoW or TDB."
"I'm looking forward to new content for KF2, I hope they can get this new map out soon and keep up with regular updates to keep the game fresh."
"&gt; Holy shit! $1.25 Billion paid out to AMD from Intel to settle all legal suits.

And they got away cheap. They crippled AMD which lead to them spinning off Global Foundries and being overall weakened enough for Intel to not really needing to fear them. "
"I was actually **just** thinking about this yesterday.  Chrono Trigger establishes a really convincing universe where I felt involved (invested?) in the story.  The part that I always remember is when Marle is running around talking to the other party members after Chrono dies and she's trying to see if we can bring him back.  They tell enough so that you know what's going on, but don't hold your hand so much it becomes overbearing.  If Lightning died in FF13 I can guarantee you it would have been a 15 minute cutscene with a close camera shot when she closes her eyes and dies with real dramatic, sappy music playing in the background while someone holds her in their arms.  

I guess my point is that presumption on the part of the story-teller is a turn-off for the consumer.  Chrono Trigger sets up a convincing world where I was moved by the story and the characters, not because I was told to by high production values and pictures of sad puppies with sappy music.  

I'd explain it like this: Chrono Trigger made me feel sad and that I might tear up a little and sit at a dialogue box for a couple extra seconds, to 'mourn' as much as you do taking part in a fictional story.  FF13 would yell at me like **ARE YOU FUCKING ~~SORRY~~ SAD YET** meanwhile I'm sitting at my desk like Dexter at a funeral."
"Hijacking your top comment to share these vids:

[40 minutes of Vergil gameplay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BkHOaReOE0o)

[50 minutes of Trish gameplay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xki9rCuqVag)

Next wednesday we should have Lady's gameplay on good quality"
"The suit was filed a month after AMD acquired ATI, I doubt AMD was too involved with the price fixing that had been going on since 2002. "
"Not at all.

That is a different subreddit, and we don't share those filters at all (a lot of those filters would be useless/make no sense to have on /r/games).

Automod was switched to a different page, and for some reason started to remove all comments under a paragraph."
Ahh Arica Harbor... The most well balanced map (for Rush mode) in the entire BF series. Some of those BC2 maps are simply outstanding.
"Pretty much, yeah. With CoD 2 you could tell what the enemy player's capabilities were just based on the sound of their weapons (you could only choose faction specific weapons). This let you plan a play style and path through maps based on the sounds you heard and less so on the looks of the player model itself. CoD4 and all later CoDs changed that so that marines could have ak's and OpFor had m14's which kinda took away a layer of depth in my opinion."
"The **one** map I would love for them to redo is Farm, but I'm 90% sure they won't do it. Having at least one large open-area map would be a nice change of pace.

I'm excited for Manor but I hope it gives a bit more variety to the way the maps feel at the moment."
"&gt; It's going to basically be impossible to balance the combinations.

Bullshit. They could ***easily*** assign a weight limit like in Rainbow 6. Different weapons and gear, different weights. That limits the ability to carry two big powerful weapons at once (like, say, a sniper rifle and a rocket launcher). "
"You can totally do hard at level 0.  The bonuses you get per level are miniscule anyway.  The only real difference is that hard actually punishes you for making mistakes, compared to normal.  Obviously this means a lot of death for new players, which isn't fun. They did have a beginner difficulty in KF1, but that was a complete joke. 

And yeah, perk diversity will help.  We're actually missing long range damage dealers right now so you might find yourself getting swarmed a lot."
"Isn't this more or less how the psp games handled it? Those worked great. I like the presets from 1 and 2, but I honestly really enjoyed the extreme customization found in the psp games. "
"Those are just word filters, which would just make automod remove comments that use those words. It wouldn't cause a bunch of comments to get removed

Also, I don't think phrases like ""Obama's son"" has ever been used in /r/games, and filters like ""6 million"" would just cause a lot of random comments about game sales to get removed."
"People seem to universally hate destiny on /r/games so I'll throw my opinion in the mix for people curious about the game (copy paste from another comment)

 I may be the only person in the thread that actually still plays destiny so here's my opinion.
I fucking love it.
I still sit at work waiting to get home to jump into destiny. I've got every exotic and every character at max level. 

What probably keeps me playing: I joined a clan. This was weird for me having never played an mmo before but the blokes I play with are champions. New guys join and we help them through the content. 

The biggest selling point for me is get epic loot, use it in the crucible/pve. It's kinda like borderlands cross halo in a way. Borderlands fun loop is killing things to get better things to kill things better. Halo's is going into the pvp arena and schooling fools. I get to do both these things and I love it.

The game has changed quite a lot since beta, bungie is no two bit developer and they are listening to the community always and improving the game. 

Super hyped for this expansion as well. You don't need to buy it yet if you don't want to fully invest, you could just play vanilla and if you're loving it and nearing max level, you can buy the expansions and experience some new content. 

On the no raid/horde mode. I'm pretty keen about it. It's just another activity that I can choose to do throughout the week. Also there is loot at the end of it, so it's more than just killing waves for me. Also, at this point it is becoming hard to manage all activities in one week (nightfalls, weeklies, raids, trials of Osiris, prison of elders, pvp) so that's pretty exciting.

Go check out /r/destinythegame people still play and love this game. A lot of people.

My 2 cents."
"Oh it's going to be BEAUTIFUL. I've been testing the maps in the CTE (community test environment) and they are simply stunning. 

Some early CTE night map gameplay, if you're interested: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gD9NNGu_0-o&amp;spfreload=10

Keep in mind they look even better now. (the lighting is odd, as this was a work in progress) :)"
No. Spotting has been reworked specifically for night maps to avoid this issue! :) In both normal and hardcore mode.
"So, to provide a little background, Battlefronts 1 and 2 let members of a team pick from six or so different classes.  Typical assault class, rocket launcher class, sniper class, engineer-who-can-repair-turrets-and-drop-health-and-ammo class, pretty standard fare.  Each faction also had one or two unique units, like the Droideka, the Jet Trooper, the Wookie etc.  These were special classes that had their own unique weapons, abilities and uses.

The key thing is that a team could only have so many of each class alive at once.  I think the limit on Droidekas was 2, for example.  This is pretty common for class-based shooters, and acts as kind of an enforced balance.  I worry that by giving up the class system in favour of the more customisation-focused create-a-class thing we're losing that balance.

Developers look at create-a-class and think *yeah, that's obviously more fun for the players, they get to play how they want, yeah!* but it's not fun being on a team of 90% spawncamping snipers.  And to be honest, I quite liked how each class was clearly defined, with its own distinctive look and feel.  I liked playing as a fearsome Stormtrooper with that classic blaster rifle.  Or picking Scout trooper with the cool helmet and thinking *I remember these guys from that bit in the movie with the speeder bikes*.  Hopefully your trooper wears different clothes depending on what primary weapon they carry or something.

I hope:

 - There's still an element of teambalancing incorporated into the system somehow.

 - Soldiers don't all look the same regardless of what weapons they carry.

 - We still get unique units.  Maybe as a killstreak reward or something.  Bleh.

Edit: I don't like squad/partner spawns.  I like reinforcement waves from designated spawn points - you can spawn from any command posts your team controls.  That way you get players all arriving at once from roughly the same direction, which feels more like a battle and not a bunch of individuals shooting each other all over the map.  But we'll see."
"&gt;EDIT: We hit him with a stick. All better now.

Problem solving through violence much? No wonder he went crazy."
"This is extremely common in the UAE, we have a lot of ''small'' stores here that don't hesitate to break the embargo, I got Saints Row The Third for example 4 days before official release."
"If that's the dichotomy we're working with, I'd rather it looked worse and was more fun, than looked shinier and grew old quickly.

It's not unfair to compare the latest installment to the previous games, even if we all get a bit tired of hearing about it.  It isn't wrong."
"I have a group that loves local multiplayer because we often hang out in person, so Towerfall is an awesome experience. We love the game and I'm sure 4-player Quest mode will be ridiculously fun. Very excited for all the new stuff."
"Flexible customization and the Partner system. That's what's in the game. Not everything that's ""not in the game"" is a negative."
"Which is hilarious because Battlefront 1 and 2 were Battlefield re-skins. Their main game mode was even called Conquest, right from Battlefield."
But if you are using IR scope you will be completely blinded by someone using lazer/tac light. It's going to be an interesting dynamic.
"But really they're not taking a risk by doing the same thing as every other modern shooter.

At least they've removed iron sights, so I have some hope."
"Man, I know it's incredibly spoiled of me to say but those Bethesda deals are terrible. 

Any thoughts on The Long Dark? Looks interesting..."
"Gee, it's almost as though people are expecting a game with the same title to have features similar to the predecessor."
"They were still heavily influenced by Battlefield in nearly every single way except they were just a tiny bit more arcadish. They are very similar to Battlefield 1942 and Battlefield Vietnam to the point I call them a re-skin. Battlefield 1942 and Vietnam were much more ""arcady"" than Battlefield 2 was as well. There was even a Battlefield 1942 mod set in Star Wars and it played pretty much the same as Battlefront did, just with a larger scale.

They were also not as good as the Battlefield games. "
"Normal is actually Easy difficulty. They didn't name it Easy because they didn't want players looking down on themselves for playing a difficulty mode called ""Easy"" in this kind of game."
"&gt; Once shareholders and boards are involved though, it is impossible to be ethical if it is going to cost profits. The shareholders will simply have the leadership ousted.

A lot of people need to think long and hard about how and why that came to be acceptable to the general public."
"That doesn't mean you have to literally excuse or ignore anything that sounds remotely negative.
People like to label criticism as people being mean to their favourite companies but it's the basis for which media can evolve and become better, if no one criticises anything then nothing would ever progress."
"Difference between a sequel and a reboot.



Sequel=Continuation of previous game.


Reboot=New take on an old concept by a new company.



Technically speaking a reboot has no predecessor, only an inspiration."
"Man, get a load of this line on the doom II package.  They must have copied it right off the box from 1993:

&gt; Play DOOM II solo, with two people over a modem, or with up to four players over a LAN (supporting IPX protocol). "
"I'm glad Capcom is giving the original series another chance rather than just letting it die after DmC.
Vergil looks pretty sweet but I worry if he's overpowered, every video I've seen of him has Vergil absolutely destroying hordes of enemies, but hopefully it's on some easier mode for devs to show off.
Either way still excited not just for this but the slight hope that it could mean more DMC to come."
"The mod was made for /r/history, which bans discussion of modern politics.

""Trigger"" as a word isn't ""banned"" to say, it flags the moderator for approval because the vast majority of uses of ""Trigger"" in /r/history turned out to be making fun of ""trigger warnings"" and ""SJWs"", which falls under ""No Modern Politics"".

Any automod word detection obviously has to be tuned to the individual subreddit.  How ""Trigger"" is most commonly used in /r/history is going to be different than how ""Trigger"" is most commonly used in /r/firearms."
"If you think about it, the main draw was that it was called Star Wars. If the game did not have the Star Wars theme, it just wouldn't have sold. Battlefield was already on the market and doing it better."
"Many of the stores we have in the Middle East, or at least in Saudi Arabia, are run by Indian or Pakistani immigrants. Coming from a poor origin, they are unfamiliar with how things work here (language barrier, etc.). The employer just tells them to pick up the boxes when the shipment comes and put the games straight for sale without any embargoes taken into account whatsoever.

I managed to get, IIRC, The Last of Us, Bioshock Infinite, FIFA 13-15, and many many other games 5-10 DAYS before their official release dates.

EDIT: Plus, Special or Collector's Editions of games, if they don't come in fancy big box, are sold at... you guessed it... Retail Price. I bought the AC revelations special edition for 240 riyals, which is $60 dollars.

I guess cause the gaming industry is ""new"" and ""foreign"" here is why Middle Eastern, or Saudi video game retailers don't take this business ""seriously."""
They're doing the Universal Studios theme park bit as well. I think they're looking to grandfather in the Nintendo image and characters into the new era of next gen gaming as most people currently think of them as the kiddy console.
"My theory is because the current classes aren't going to be much fun on it. Once the sharpshooter, demolitions and firebug come in I expect we'll see more in the way of open maps. "
My theory: JRPGs were always a niche. It's just that gaming has gotten bigger and more widespread and the bar for being a success was raised.
"I agree, I'm a huge fan of the game but the same maps and perks are wearing a bit thin. I'm looking forward to bingeing every time there's a new content update."
"I love ""The Long Dark."" I wrote a few paragraphs about it [over here](http://www.reddit.com/r/GameDeals/comments/35b5zn/humble_store_spring_sale_day_1_dark_souls_prepare/cr2tupk) on the /r/gamedeals thread, but I think it's quite an awesome game. I bought it during the Steam winter sale and immediately fell in love... it's a fun game already, and being in EA, the developers have done nothing but improve the game (including a recent upgrade in the Unity 5 Engine, which helps the game look gorgeous, while also unique). 

Well worth $10, if you ask me. "
"In the ""social justice"" community, a ""Trigger Warning"" is a type of content warning meant to alert people of content that might trigger PTSD.  Usually, this is regards to something like a possibly unexpected depiction of sexual violence which might affect surviving victims of rape or sexual abuse.

It has become a bit of an internet meme.  ""Trigger Warnings"" have been misused by dumb kids, trolls, anti-feminists, etc, and at this point you're way more likely to see it in this meme context.  

As a meme, it's a joke content warning of something ""innocent"" that is ridiculous to warn people of, mocking the concept."
"Square hates, just absolutely hates how popular and successful Final Fantasy has been in the West, huh? That explains everything. "
"sure. http://gyazo.com/5e91f8efba38109ec7e30ea7ce67c787

I bought a bundle. Games were not working. I asked for a refund, told only games not downloaded could be refunded. fine. I asked for the refund. Never got a response. Opened up a new ticket and still have not gotten one back on that one either. "
"Any recommendations on Apotheon? I'm thinking of getting it.

Other than that, any other recommendations?"
"I hope so, Farm and Mountain Pass, and the one in a forest at night that I forget the name of (found it: Wyre), were perennial favorites with my group. No we weren't the best at the game but we had huge tons of fun with it."
"Yeah, I feel like the better way to phrase this is ""Battlefront will have customizable loadouts"" instead of ""won't have classes."""
"H1Z1 always looked like 'Hey, we're making something that is like something that is popular. Please buy us'. And it seemed to of worked. Although from this interview it seems like they do genuinly care about the project so good luck to them."
"For physical copies this is a very common thing to happen, for any ""AAA"" game, any small mom and pop store that sells video games would most likely just sell it when they get it, because who really cares? they are breaking some time law that is meaningless and are trying to make money from the big businesses that will flourish from selling highly anticipated games once they release...

I had a small store i used to go to get games 2-4 weeks early before they came out, the only way that steam/CDPR/MS/Sony/whatever else can know about it is if you go online, and even then its hard to know if that person is someone who got the game early (since any game news company will have the game usually very early)"
"I have related question. Are Souls games considered JRPGs? I know they're literally RPGs from Japan, but they seem to have more in common with wRPGs from a stylistic and thematic standpoint."
"But is there anything inherently wrong with turn based combat? It allows for greater thought and strategy, such that every move is meaningful and purposeful."
"Did you see the Battlefront gameplay at the Star Wars Celebration? Even if you did both games were barely shown enough to justify your response. 
"
"Surely the opposite should be true? They're still developing it, therefore we should expect to see newly developed content frequently."
"There were so many great custom maps that I've actually forgotten which ones were stock and which came later.

Mountain Pass was always a favourite of mine, as a predominantly SS player it was the best map for working quickly up to that barret and then just popping off scrakes and fleshpounds from a couple of hundred metres..."
"That's a whole lot of personal opinion. To the average casual gamer, yes, but as a whole, no. There are a lot of people who'd still eat stuff like that up, I'm one myself and know MANY more. Bravely Default was a good example of proving my point. It sold extremely well and proved that there's still interest."
"The world hasn't gotten more western, and the Japanese haven't become more out-of-touch.  It's just that the advancements of technology in gaming have allowed a greater range and detail of artistic expression.  And typically this hampers the ability of art pieces to have cross-cultural appeal.

I think it was Kojima who once used Charlie Chaplin to describe what happened to Japanese games.  Chaplin was a huge star of silent film, he was a master of physical and gesture acting.  But then talkies were invented, and his fame waned as he now had to compete against actors who could do speaking roles better.  Japanese games of the 8-bit and 16-bit era were masters at conveying moving artistic visions through simple and abstract icons.  But then technology advanced, and the Japanese could now step out and become even more expressive in their art.  But as these artists express more, the odds of saying something that clashed with the audience's expectations increases.  Japanese RPGs added sweeping scores, cutscenes, massive scripts, detailed characters, and voice acting.  And westerners hated about 95% of it.  The only Japanese RPG series to get any amount of praise for its story in recent years was the souls series- and it's no coincidence that their story is told as minimalist as possible.  If Dark/Demon Souls had more cutscenes and dialogue, the likelihood that they do something cheesy or incomprehensible increases 100-fold.  From probably realized that writing is not their strong suit and tried to do as little of it as possible.  Because when you let the audience fill in the gaps, they'll always fill it with their own ideal interpretation

I like to use Breath of Fire as an example.  In the game, the Japanese artists had to use simple sprites to convey their characters appearance.  And it was very difficult for them to make ones resembling their original vision!  But for international appeal, the abstraction of their original vision worked in their favor.  Here's how the main character appeared in-game:

http://spritedatabase.net/files/snes/354/Sprite/Ryu.gif

Now when looking at a sprite, it's up to the player's imagination to try and picture what sort of ""real"" person the sprite is supposed to represent.  The Japanese probably pictured their main character looking like this:

http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20121106181451/bof/images/7/71/BoFII_RyuBateson_Artwork_2.png

Whereas to western gamers, they imagined the main dude looking more like this:

http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/ba/Breathoffire2_box.jpg

The same abstract concept creates multiple audience interpretations, which is always ideal in the head of the person watching.  With modern RPGs, there's more stuff told, and less room for interpretation.  The scripts are long and detailed and preachy, and people hate it.  The characters are now super-detailed recreations of what the Japanese consider to be ideal, and the westerners always find them to be too effeminate or just plain goofy.  It doesn't matter how much hard work and dedication they put into creating their character models or polishing their scripts, their end result isn't even in the same ballpark of what western audiences would like to see.  With less abstract art comes more opportunities for cultural dysphoria.  It's even apparent in SquareEnix's player testing for the past two FF games.  Japanese players loved the characters in FFXIII, westerners hated them, but they all liked the gameplay.  The biggest complaint regarding FFXV from Japanese players were technical issues.  Europeans hated Cidney's outfit more than anything.  It wasn't at all realistic, because the Japanese don't look for realism in their games.  They're striving toward something else

To bring the topic back to silent films: Hollywood's international appeal actually took a hit once they switched to talkies.  This was because talking films were harder to localize in other territories.  But it was also because even fully-localized films had less international appeal than the older silent films.  People didn't like reading subtitles and dubs were just plain bad.  But silent films relied on neither, just actors communicating with universally-appreciated body language.  Back in the 20's a lot of scholars bemoaned the invention of Hollywood talkies, comparing them to the building of the tower of Babel.  Talking films had literally set up language barriers in the previously global film market.  

To bring things even more full-circle: In May of 1932, Chaplin was invited to Japan to tour the country and meet fans, as Hollywood silent films nearly dominated the Japanese film market.  On May 15th, he was invited to a dinner reception with the Prime Minister.  Chaplin missed the reception due to a scheduling error, and it's a fortunate thing as he dodged an assassination attempt on his life.  The Prime Minister was not so lucky.  The 11 assassins were a faction of ultra-right-wing Japanese soldiers who wanted to purge Japan of foreign influences such as Chaplin and the PM.  The May 15th incident would set in motion a series of events that would lead to the establishment of imperial Japan.  While the assassins were arrested, they were given only a slap on the wrist thanks in part to their popular support (*the government received a petition for their release containing 350,000 names- all signed in blood*)"
Every time I walk by the room they're in I have to stop and stare at them for a few seconds. Its pretty great
"Erm, I'm not sure if you've noticed, but Bloodborne, Persona 5, Tales of and FFXV are among some of the most popular titles out/coming for PS3/PS4.

Not to mention handhelds are completely dominated by JRPGs.

There is a problem with Reddit which creates its own bubble thinking that the opinions here are shared across every gaming community. They aren't. 

In fact, Reddit is very, very PC-focused, which you can say is a JRPG niche platform. This is a perception issue, not a genre issue.

"
"It's hard to enforce the embargo in foreign countires, so likely not.

It won't really affect them too much. This happens with almost every. Single. Game. Ever. In the US, but there are a vew small amount of retailers that do this. I use one. The way they get around this is they do not give you a receipt, and instead file all of the transactions the day of release. So if you buy the game early, you generally pay extra (because you're getting the game earlyand this is how they compete), and have zero proof of purchase. "
"imo this is just a self fulfilling prophecy by the Japanese publishers. They were selling JRPGS and then they were still selling them but Western RPGs were selling more.  So the big publishers instead of sticking to what they do well tried to chase the Western style games.  Most of them failed and have been left in a dire situation as the Japanese console market has eroded and the western audience doesn't have the same love for them anymore.  FF13 still sold pretty well, Ni No Kuni sold well. Fire Emblem, Persona 4, Bravely Default... all sold well.  

The problem has been that good ones are so rare. Most Japanese RPGs in the past decade are pretty bad. If Square was still making good fucking games in the genre... people would still be buying them.  I really think its that simple.  

I think Persona 5 is going to fucking kill it later this year.  FF XIV is going to sell like crazy.  This genre is fine... if companies just make good games, they will sell."
"only on PC. the reason could be because even if you don't have internet on your computer, it's relatively easy to download the patch elswhere and bring it home on a usb stick, while afaik you can't really copy files to a console like that."
"Pokemon is a JRPG and it sells millions of units every year.  The second highest selling franchise of all time behind Mario lol

http://vgsales.wikia.com/wiki/Best_selling_game_franchises"
"Quite often, actually. Very often have I himmed and hawed over status ailments versus damage, exploiting a weakness versus a stronger base spell, which enemy to hit in order to not waste a turn, etc. Sure, that can be avoided with grinding, but that's perfectly fine that the game allows alternate methods in order to proceed through a fight. Besides, just because some games don't take advantage of it doesn't mean it's not there. The failings of developers do not reflect the failings of a system."
"&gt; Are Souls games considered JRPGs?

People are already weighing in with their personal opinions, so I'll just answer the actually question that was asked: no, they are not considered to be JRPGs.

This has nothing to do with my opinion about what the ridiculously ill-defined genre of JRPG contains. It is not listed as a JRPG by any single major website that exists. Wikipedia, Metacritic, and even the game's official website call it an action RPG, not a JRPG. So it is considered an action RPG.

And honestly, the RPG genre is so stupidly non-defined that arguing about it beyond what the devs themselves classify the games as is assinine."
"Guys I wouldn't really trust that Automod is back to being safe. I'm *pretty* sure it just killed our normal, squishy mods and took their places. Now it is trying the convince us that everything is fine now as it plans its next move."
"I can't repeat this enough times. CryEngine has some hella cool tech under its hood, but nobody's gonna bother using it when their editor is so meh and their documentation and support is completely insufficient.

Crytek has been really good and shooting themselves in the foot for a while though so I wouldn't expect much to change tbh."
"Nothing wrong with stating your opinion, but it's also completely irrelevant to any discussion if you don't qualify it with *why* you find it too easy/no fun."
"Yeah, I'm feeling that some of these articles are getting kinda click-baity. Doesn't mean we can't criticize the game, we always should, but doesn't mean we have to spin everything as ""It lacks the same features as battlefront, therefore implications"" and then let /r/gaming posters make more circlejerky memes about it till the point that the commentators there get sick of it.

Edit: Grammar"
"Xenoblade Chronicles modernized the JRPG amazingly. It had what people loved about JRPG's and trimmed the fat. For people who think JRPG is a dead genre, play this game.

Xenoblades Sequel is coming later this year, and its looking to be one of the biggest JRPG's ever, giving FF15 a run for its money."
"So the audio QA department actually does all the song authoring, not just testing? That's interesting, I'd have expected the developers to handle that.

Unless audio QA always has a different role from regular QA?"
"The japanese seem to have a different idea of what a ""game"" is. I'm a big fan of the Persona/SMT series for their plot/setting and their mechanics, but the actual minutia of the combat are pretty offputting.

Right now I'm playing Devil Survivor 2: Record Breaker. This is a game that's meant to be NG+ multiple times to see all the content, as some of the routes are too hard to beat on NG. You fuse demons to help you in combat, but you are, before NG+ restricted to fusing demons who are a maximum the same level as you. That, and you are usually unable to grind past a certain level depending on where you are in the story as you get 0 EXP from monsters a few levels below you, forcing you to take certain encounters at specific levels. The way the SMT games do combat which is based on generating extra turns through exploiting weaknesses makes the early game an exercise in random luck.

Basically in the first few hours of any SMT game, you will get repeatedly killed through no fault of your own, as lucky crits and unlucky misses give the monsters 3-6 unanswered attacks on your party. 

While I really do like the dynamics of the NG+, where it becomes much more about smart party management and skilled fusing, the first few hours are just plain annoying. Its made worse by the fact that they offer DLC to make the grinding trivial or unecessary. 

I just feel like the japanese, are as a whole, much more ok with grinding against a luckwall than western audiences, and that's something that limits their appeal. 

Look at Dark Souls. That was a crossover hit because it was pure skill. If you knew what you were doing, you could be naked and make a chump out of giant bosses, because it was all about how good you were with the movement and combat style. So if the Japanese want to bring their JRPGs to a more receptive audience, I think that's the ticket. "
"JRPG does not literally translate to RPG from Japan.

It is a style of game.  From Software's games do not in any way mimic what JRPGs actually are.  Not in art style.  Not in gameplay focus.  Not in it's story telling.  Not in it's level design."
"Is Bloodborne really a JRPG?

I mean, sure, it's an RPG game by Japanese devs, but I think the term JRPG refers to turn based games like Final Fanatsy now"
"Call it what you want, but when they're pulling from the exact same fanbase by making a game in the same genre, by the exact same name, pulling from the same concepts, it's effectively a sequel and as such *is* going to be compared to the originals.

You can argue semantics all you want, but this game clearly has a predecessor. "
"IMO, JRPG is more defined by its character &amp; story focused liner structures, not by combat systems.

See, Tales series' combat system is essentially fighting game, but they are generally considered JRPG. On the other hand, we have turn based Xcom, which is clearly tactic game rather than JRPG.
"
"That's what I think, but I was trying to me a little diplomatic

I've never ever heard anyone describe Bloodborne/Souls games are JRPGs"
"Only if you prefer meaningless, drawn-out soliloquies instead of actual discussions between people.  "
"&gt; the government received a petition for their release containing 350,000 names- all signed in blood

Holy shit, Change.org needs to step up its game !"
Back in the day in my electronics class every Friday was doom day. We didn't have speakers so the only sounds were the ones we made ourselves. I miss those days. 
"I had absolutely no idea that this existed. Day one buy for me, I am so glad DMC is returning to what made it great and DMC4 is my favorite of the series."
"For anyone who has somehow never looked into Towerfall, it really is an awesome game. Be warned though, it ONLY has local play. But it's some of the best local gaming I've ever had.  The modifiers make the game feel fresh. If you start getting tired of one thing or another, replace it with something else. New modifiers are great to see, as well as procedurally generated levels. I am so hyped for this expansion."
"I think it can be defined a bit by both.

Even on that front, Bloodborne isn't a JRPG. It tries to capture the feeling of western Gothic horror with a unique visual design. There are Japanese influences, but what makes FROM Software's games unique is that they take on a style that uses materials from every culture, while simultaneously not representing any one culture."
"&gt; But then talkies were invented, and his fame waned as he now had to compete against actors who could do speaking roles better.

Errrr.  That isn't what happened.  Charlie Chaplin was a fine actor, hell, [he has one of the most famous monologues in film history.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcvjoWOwnn4)

What happened to Charlie Chaplin was World War II came to an end, and the Soviet Union became a looming threat to the United States.  J. Edgar Hoover, the director of the newly formed FBI (An expanded Bureau of Investigation department) was a deeply paranoid man who was scared shitless that the unions, the newspapers and Hollywood were loaded with Communist sympathizers.  Chaplin was a man with leftist (Though definitely not Communist) sympathies, which the extreme counter-reactionaries in power in the U.S. took to be un-patriotic.  Hoover spent a decade trying to destroy Chaplin's reputation, including a scandal that was probably mostly fabricated by Hoover to make Chaplin out to be a womanizer who impregnated an actress and dumped her.  [There was a strange, obscure law Hoover used to try to have Chaplin arrested for human trafficking, but he was eventually acquitted.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mann_Act)  During the trial, Hoover leaked tons of coverage to the tabloids, to try and ruin Chaplin.  [So Chaplin left the U.S. in 1952 for a film premiere in London, and the federal A.G. yanked his visa.](http://www.onthisdeity.com/19th-september-1952-%E2%80%93-america-banishes-charlie-chaplin/)  Chaplin was effectively banished from his home in L.A., and unable to work for Hollywood because he was banned from re-entry in to the U.S.

While this is not really gaming related, it's important people know about the Hollywood blacklist, and the machinations of powerful government groups like the House Un-American Activities Committee.  Hoover is one of the most disgraceful men to hold power in U.S. history, and used the FBI as his personal secret police to hash out personal vendettas.  And that's not just me saying that, that was [President Harry Truman's view as well.](http://www.theguardian.com/film/2012/jan/01/j-edgar-hoover-secret-fbi)

&gt; Most presidents before him, though, had had cause to fear Hoover or been troubled by what his FBI had become. Harry S Truman wrote during his presidency: ""We want no Gestapo or secret police. FBI is trending in that direction. They are dabbling in sex-life scandals and plain blackmail… Edgar Hoover would give his right eye to take over, and all congressmen and senators are afraid of him."""
That's a smart move on their part. People will be more likely to buy direct from the dev and Frontier won't have to split with Valve.
"I can't comment on h1z1, or their integrity. But John Smedley has been one smooth talker for a long time and has a questionable rap sheet with fans of SOE work."
"Say what you want about their buisness model ( Ships being $hunderds), but they sure keep us updated on what they are doing.

The movement system looks really nice"
I personally hope that the movement transition system does not translate into frustrating and non-responsive. I imagine there is a fine line between that and something that makes the gameplay better.
Are we surprised now about these old media outlets trying to clickbait? PCGamer went and fell off their rocker when they called the satirical PCMasterRace community racist.
"This is the update I've been waiting to see.  I'm really liking the movement.  Hopefully that'll translate well to a M/KB setup.

Also that armor looks sick.  They really add a lot of detail.

I was very pessimistic about this game, but the more and more I see of it the more I feel this game will turn out great."
"Is Dark Souls playable on PC? I loved it on PS3 but that's getting kind of old and I'd love to give it a go on my PC, just not sure if I should be getting a controller for it as well."
"As someone born in 87, my intro to gaming was when Sega was in its prime. I even owned a Saturn when they were still making games for it...

Really I'm just trying to say it's been sad watching Sega fall these past twenty years. I'll remember the good times."
"I long time ago I heard that the Constellation a $250 ship would take 60h or so to be acquired. Which I'm totally fine! But I doubt that this will be the case when the game launch.


I fear this game will be grind fest, taking absurd amount of grind to get and maintain a ship. Looking at their store and how the community reacts to it... There are a video series for each ship saying: ""Should you buy this ship?"" A ship that is not more than a drawing and a price tag on a page sometimes.


I guess I'm to pessimistic, maybe."
"Perhaps your look could change depending on your loadout? 

I like this system personally, it gives the ability to specialize if you want, or have more of a general role. "
"That was their estimate. I think you'll find that in most cases, the community is much *faster* than initial estimates. Pretty much every game has to scale it back because people are so good at figuring out shortcuts. Just look at what happened shortly after the Payday 2 launch.

And the figure was ""60 hours of play"", which is different form grinding. Its not an F2P game, nor is it WoW. 

As for ship replacement, yes you will need to replace a ship if it gets destroyed. But, you will be able to insure the ship against destruction (and after repeated angry interrogations by the community they have stated that this cost will be pretty small compared to the purchase price of the ship) so that you will get a new one when it gets destroyed.

You really don't have to wonder out loud about most of this stuff. If you're *actually* interested in knowing what the plans are, the devs regularly answer questions on their official forum, and if you look through past threads, you can see almost every question you might have had discussed. "
"It really depends on what you mean by ""pay to win.""  If I bought a Constellation for $250 (as /u/AyrJr and /u/Dat_Dragon discuss in your post), what exactly do I have to do to ""win"" with it?  Just have the upper hand on anyone I attack or anyone who attacks me?  What about the crew I'd need to man the guns, and systems, how do I pay them?  What if I want to avoid combat and just haul cargo across the galaxy or go and explore?

The Constellation isn't a fighting ship.  The $250 Constellation variant (Taurus) is stated as a personal transport ship and the bio says it's a dedicated freighter.  Take a look at some of the other ships and you'll find the same kind of deal.  The Hull series are solely for cargo.  The Orion is specifically for mining.  The Reclaimer is for salvage jobs.  Some of these ships are going to be shit for fighting.

And the same thing goes the other way, too.  The Super Hornet (the ship most people point at as ""pay to win"") doesn't have a jump drive or living quarters.  It has zero cargo room.  So it will either have to stay close to  the planet or base it's located or have to rely on a bigger ship to haul it elsewhere.  So while right now you can view it as ""pay to win"" because it's a dedicated dogfighter and dogfighting is currently the only thing that is available to play in the alpha build (at least until they release the FPS module), what's that going to matter once release hits and you've pigeonholed yourself into being specifically for combat?  Is it still ""pay to win"" then?"
You can see one of the guys has an internal wiki open that has small articles on generating notes for the editor.
"I thought it was awesome! It got pretty crazy with the Splat Rollers though, I ended up playing a game where all 8 players were using the splat roller and while that was really fun I hope that actually balances out as people become more familiar with the game.

This game definitely has a lot of potential, but I'm wondering what people thought of the motion controls? Personally I found them incredibly frustrating when it came to doing anything precise and only found out very close to the end of the hour that you could actually turn them off."
"It's possible to play it on kb+m, but it's definitely meant to be played with a controller. You could always try it out with kb+m first. It's probably worth investing in a controller for your PC though, plenty of games just feel better with a controller."
"Yeah, I believe each set of controls has their own advantages and drawbacks, but I'd rather give away the fine tuning the motion controls have for the reliability of analog controls.

**DAY TWO EDIT:** Tried gyro controls one more time with a higher sensitivity and holy hell did it feel awesome. If you buy the game I'd say mess with the gyro for a good while before deciding to make a switch."
"I don't find analog controls more reliable than fine tuning with motion controls. I'm probably in the minority but I cannot use the dual stick control scheme and that's why I passed on a lot of console FPS games like Halo. After years of mouse and keyboard, aiming with an analog stick was so frustrating, inaccurate, and clunky. I love the way something like the gamepad's gyrosensor or wiimote aiming feels because it feels like the best of both worlds."
"I had a lot of fun with it...once i changed the controls.

I gotta say the rollers seemed OP up until i realized height was not my friend and people who had caught on were using the Splat-shot to hit me while i was covering turf.

 I really think the game would feel 100x more fun if we could have in-game chat.

Overall it seems very promising, I hope the other modes are just as fun.
"
"I had an absolute blast playing it. All the recent back-and-forth about voice chat and amiibos and esports and crap, and there has been very little discussion about whether or not the game is actually fun (the only real make-or-break point in my book). Thankfully, I'm happy to say that the game is very fun. Covering everything with ink is fun, swimming around as a squid is fun, the weapons are fun and the soundtrack and visuals are fun. I definitely can't wait to pick this up when it comes out. "
Had a lot of fun. Played exclusively with motion and finished near the top many times. It's not like you have to flail around. Love having a camera correcting button on the face buttons. 
"Ah crap, I posted my own thread and took forever to type it up, so I'll just copy/paste my thoughts and delete it since you beat me to the punch:

* Amazingly smooth online play. Because this isn't a twitch shooter, lag isn't nearly as noticeable and it feels just as smooth as offline.
* The controls weren't too weird to get used to at all and really made the game feel like it wasn't like other shooters. If you've ever used the gyro aiming controls in other recent Nintendo games (OoT 3D, Majora's Mask 3D, Star Fox 64 3D, Wind Waker HD) this isn't that much different and it feels really smooth. The only weird thing was that you used left and right on the stick to change your direction while tilting the gamepad up and down to control your vertical angle. For the first couple matches it felt strange but I actually prefer playing this way in the end. It honestly matches the feel of the game really well. Makes me feel like I'm ""part of the game"" like Skyward Sword's or Metroid Prime 3's controls did, only a little less since it's a shooter.
* Anyone else digging the music? It feels just like Nintendo trying to be ""hip"" and ""cool"" for lack of a better way of saying it. I even thought I heard a tiny bit of death metal influence in one of the tracks, believe it or not. I'd buy this soundtrack if it gets released.
* I only played with two weapons, the normal gun and the paint roller. I wasn't too fond of the bombs and honestly felt they weren't very efficient at what they went for, but it's great how every weapon has a unique feel to it. Paint rollers are awesome for covering up wide reaches of area or entire corridors, while the guns are more suited for quickly making pathways for squid mode. Speaking of...
* The whole squid thing is awesome. Hiding and taking enemies by surprise feels amazing and it goes both ways, too. You have to really keep your eyes peeled at any given moment. The super jump feature where you can jump to any part of the map was really nice as well and reinforced the fact that the battlefield is constantly, dynamically changing as you play.
* Matches were short, about 5 minutes, but they still felt packed. I honestly don't think they'd be much fun for a while longer than that because it reduces the tension significantly. Then again, I'm also the kind of person who likes playing Smash in time battles for the same reason, but since this is a completely different kind of game it makes a bit more sense.

In the end, I'm actually really sold on the game. It could be really fun to play with a group of friends and it looks beautiful as well. Leave it to Nintendo to make games that are aesthetically pleasing with limited hardware, right? That said, I don't really know if $60 is the right price. They are basically saying it's worth 1.5x as much as Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate, and I just don't know that right now. Maybe on a sale, or with a really special promotion like a free game, but as of right now I don't feel comfortable with a full, 100% commitment for that price.

**EDIT: DAY TWO IMPRESSIONS**

* Love the waiting-screen minigame. I forgot to mention it yesterday and it's just so fun and cute. It's one of those ""jump higher and higher"" games, but with a squid and multiple levels with different platforms to jump onto, like ice and clouds. It feels just like Nintendo put a little bite-sized NES game in for whenever you're waiting for people to join a match, kinda reminds me of Ice Climbers a tad too.
* Tried the sniper-type weapon and I like it too. It's a little hard to aim with at the moment but I think I'll get used to it. The bomb special for this one feels somehow more useful than other bomb special but I don't really know if that's just placebo effect with me getting better as I play.
* The levels feel really well-designed for this type of game. I'm honestly surprised. There are areas perfect for snipers, rollers, and everyone else to do their thing and they're all within view of each other so people can switch up tactics on the fly easily."
"People are splatrolling like Pyros in TF2. I had one or two matches near the end of the hour where everyone was playing the roller. It's the easiest class to play, and I think it'll end up functioning a lot like pyro does - good for beginners, but with clear weaknesses. I played sniper too, and it was really hard to use well.  I had a saw a few people in the outdoor level position well and snipe but for the most part, I didn't learn how to play sniper.

Didn't like the motion controls, took a while to get used to it. I didn't try to reconfigure it, though if I get the game I probably will.

Music was pretty great, and matched the aesthetic well.

I had a dude drop out of one my matches. My squad ended up one down. Hopefully at release there will be a bot or something that can sub in.

I wonder if there's anything cool for doing well in the team-wait game."
"I, too, liked the motion controls. Honestly I find games more fun with them. People criticize most motion controls for not being extremely precise, but that's just because they've spent so long using other methods that motion controls don't feel normal to them. Splatoon is the absolute perfect game for gyro controls, next to maybe the Zelda games (in terms of OoT 3D/MM3D/WWHD aiming controls, and I also loved Skyward Sword's controls for the record). I actually felt way more involved in the game than I would have if I just used the sticks as a proxy for aiming. It actually feels like your movement is a part of the game and it put a smile on my face."
"&gt;That said, I don't really know if $60 is the right price.

  Have you seen the Directs and everything announced for the game? It has multiple modes (including a single player campaign), a level up system, gear, weapons.. it's more than just the two maps and one mode and pre-set weapon choices we got tonight."
"This. I realized about halfway through how powerful the chargers were with proper sniping, though my aim took some time to get accurate. That being said, be sure to stay aware of anyone coming in behind you!"
"I enjoyed it, but I'm still not sure if it's worth $60. Playing the same two maps got kind of repetitive. I also wish you could change weapons mid-match, in case you end up on a team where everybody is using a roller.

I know a lot of people (myself included) wish voice-chat was an option, but teams work together fine without it. "
"I have been really excited for this game. The motion controls were difficult at first, but my second time through they just clicked. I've never been able to do shooters before, but this control scheme really helps. I only wish I could play couch co-op, but there's no way I'm not getting this game. Every time I've played I've absolutely loved it. "
"&gt; You've either got massive blinders on or you're being willfully disingenuous.

I'm setting up a hypothetical and legitimately asking people what they consider/assume ""winning"" is in Star Citizen.  TBH I'm just planning on mostly running freight and/or smuggling and exploring space with my wife as my copilot, with some dogfighting on the side.  I'mt not looking to collect every single ship, I just want to fly around in space. It's sounding like a sandbox MMO, so there isn't an endgame, so I don't see why people are so up in arms about ""pay to win"" especially since it won't matter fairly quickly after launch.

&gt; Some of the massive amount of in-game money you've saved from being 60 hours ahead of a lesser-paying player.

And the guy who picks up the game on day 1 and plays for 8 hours a day is going to be ahead of the guy who picks it up a week later, and he'll be ahead of the guy who picks it up a month later.  Why does it matter if someone has a different ship than you right out of the gate when it won't matter after a while?

&gt; You can pay dollars for ships that do those things too.

That's why I used the Constellation as an example, because that's what it's meant for.  But how does that equate to ""winning?"""
"Yeah considering I didn't play with any friends during the demo I never once thought ""Man, this game is fun but what it really needs is voice chat!"".

To me personally that hour would have been less fun having to listen to people talk instead of actually just enjoying myself."
FYI Smed's full of shit. He's been pulling statements like this one out of his ass since NGE. It's kind of like how Microsoft puts out several empty promises concerning their support of gaming on Windows every year. Anyone who's extensively played an SOE game since his becoming CEO can see his bullshit for what it is.
"I agree with everything you said until the price as /u/Manc0mbSeepgood points out.

Once you have full access you have way more weapons, clothing options (which add powerups), single player, more maps, more everything.

Plus from the direct it seems they have their eyes really set on long term with from what I gathered were free updates, you can't beat that."
"Sadly you're wrong there. The game's selling in Japan for ￥6,156 which is not alot cheaper than here in the states. However, that IS around $50, and that's definitely somewhat better than the price tag we're paying here.

EDIT: Speaking of other region pricing, Britain takes the cake with a £30 ($~45 USD) price tag."
"Even with the extra content they said they'll be putting in the game over the summer, it's not much compared to other shooters. We'll have to see how substantial the single player campaign will be. 

I'm pretty sold on the game itself but game prices have recently increased here in Canada and $70 for this is a tough call. 

"
"I'm very impressed with that I played. I could gush about it, but I'll be brief and just say that it's one of the most original online shooters I've played in a long while, probably since TF2.

Also as someone who can't stand trying to do precision aiming with a joystick, having the gyroscope instead was *fantastic*. I got used to it immediately and it felt almost as good as aiming with a mouse."
"Everyone keeps talking about the rollers but I really didn't find them to be overbearing.

  I picked the splatter gun (the most basic weapon) after trying everything and it seemed far and away the best option.  As a person who normally does terribly at shooters I consistently ended up with 8-10 kills and 0-2 deaths with the the highest score on my team just by finding a large area (the upper part of the lifts or the center part of the factory) and camping it because nobody with other weapons seemed to have a chance.

I have to say, Turf Wars is a pretty cool game mode because it feels like King of the Hill where ""the Hill"" is everything.  With that said, my biggest complaint was that I felt like combat was more of an afterthought to me when I was trying to win (find a large area, paint it, and ignore people who aren't bothering me).

Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed the game and I'm looking forward to playing it again at the next test-fire and probably purchasing the game on release."
"I think I'm pretty sold on the gameplay. I had doubts but it's a lot of fun and it's definitely really different from your average shooter. I loved how you could just content yourself with spreading ink around even when there was no action around you. Really added a sense of urgency to the game too, as soon as I died I was looking at the gamepad screen and planning where to go next. 

I saw lots of potential for team strategy (too bad there's no communication though) as well as individual strategy. Getting a height advantage is huge in this game because of the nature of paint and you always have to watch where your swimming as getting in the opposite team's ink is deadly. 

There are some problems though, like you should be able to switch weapons mid-match. Thought it was really annoying how you were stuck with the paint roller the whole time if you chose it, even if the situation demanded another gun. And you have to quit the party to change weapons? I really hope that's not in the actual game.

Spawn camping also seems to be way too effective. Especially since players are typically looking down at their gamepad when they spawn and they won't notice the enemy shooting them. 

Three minute matches are also pretty lame, you're spending like a third of your play session on loading screens. Just feels really anti-climactic; right when you're getting in the groove of things it just ends. 

I unfortunately did not know you could change from motion controls to regular for the duration of the demo. It was okay but it could have been implemented better. You use the right analog to look left and right and motion controls to look up and down. But why can't each do both? It would make things a lot more fluid- analog stick for the big camera movements and motion for the small. This one they came up with is awkward. "
"Everyone seems to be giving positive feedback so I'll say my negatives first.  
  
The rounds were way too short. Maybe it was just the demo though. A round lasted two minutes IIRC, so most of that time was just covering unpainted ground, with not very much back and forth fighting for territory which is what I was really looking forward to. Once people started to actually clash and fight each other a lot, there'd be maybe 30 seconds left on the clock. I was disappointed there, so much so that I'm going to wait and see what the rulesets are for release before buying it. If the rounds remain extremely short like that, I won't be buying it because it just isn't for me.  
  
Also because of that, I feel like rollers were *extremely* powerful since they would cover ground very quickly. You couldn't paint vertically with the roller, however areas that required climbing weren't very numerous. This will probably change as people learn to play the game though, but when you only have two minutes to cover ground, the roller is just so much more efficient and doesn't really have any downsides. I figured you would be at risk for getting picked off from a distance or would be slower but it's very easy to hop back inside the paint and speed off out of harm's way.  
  
I couldn't handle the tilt controls personally, but disabling them was easy enough and since you don't need to be very accurate (didn't try the sniper though), the right joystick was just fine for aiming and turning.  
  
Okay now for a fun bit.  

Attacking and then retreating within the paint at high speed was a blast. I don't feel like the maps allowed for very creative movement with all the restrictive no-paint surfaces (then again it was only an hour of play) but spacing your opponent by quickly swapping between swimming and shooting was **a lot** of fun. You also had to make sure you had a path out or else you couldn't speed away. If you got flanked, that was almost always a death sentence since you wouldn't be able to escape quickly. There's big potential there for good fights I think. Not just map awareness but you need to be very aware of where your opponents are at.  
  
It was pretty fun, but I'm not convinced yet. I don't feel the need to immediately go back into it which worries me, but maybe it was just the very short rounds."
"the middle east version of the game is a Censored version

no nudity , sex 

only bad words , gore , violence are allowed in this version 

[as you can see in the back cover](http://i.imgur.com/OPyk3oS.jpg)

"
"I really wish I had realized that there was an option to change the controls before the hour was up. I never really felt like I was fully in control of it with the motion controls. Going to have to try again tomorrow to see how it feels when I feel in control.

edit: Man, the controls make a huge difference. On twin stick controls I felt fully in control and was able to lead my team more often than not. Roller is a lot of fun, especially when you can sneak behind someone on the other team and roll over them. And yeah, the online is really smooth - never felt like there was any lag getting in the way."
"I thought they said that the content would be released from now to August. As in, that was as far as they had the content releases planned."
"To steal the point from another commentor... do you refer to The Witcher as PRPG (Polish Role-playing Games) or would you refer to the Metro Series as a UFPS (Ukrainian First-Person Shooter) or maybe there are more meanings to a genre then simply where it comes from.

Couldn't a person living in England make a JRPG simply by following the formula and style of a JRPG? Wouldn't it be distinctly different from any other English RPG based on that context?
"
"Personally I would have enjoyed it more talking to my buddy who was playing the beta as well, maybe we could have worked some coordination out or something so it goes both ways.
"
"Splatoon is **OUTSTANDING**.

I started off timid thinking about the gyro controls; I'm like most of you and I am pretty set in my ways.. But I'm open minded too. I havent seen Nintendo do anything with the Wii U Gamepad that has really challenged me or pushed me.

This is the game. This is the first Wii U original classic.

The controls once you get used to them are still pretty traditional 3rd/1st Person shooter. You run around and move the camera angle with the 2nd analog stick. But it may take a while to get used to aiming up and down with the gyro controller. -- After a while it actually felt pretty good. And is quite useful when you need to keep your aim low or high to cover paint.

Speaking of painting, isnt that awesome? There are so many great strategies that exist to make the game interesting. Besides the weapons; territory and even baiting opponents seem to be huge. -- When I rushed in the game to kill enemies the game punished me; but when I was slow and methotical I was very useful to my team (and every game I got better at it).

Sometimes distracting enemies in their side with squid form can take some of the pressure of teammates and allow them to cover more areas with paint. And sometimes staying high and holding off ground corners the enemy and prevents them from taking over areas.
I was never great at FPS/3PS but I can hold my own. The same can be said about platforming (I'm a huge sm64 control fanatic) but this game was able to blend both beautifully.

I can platform my way out of situations where my pure shooting skill wouldnt be able to. And vise versa.

Overall, this game while still simplistic in design is brilliant. I can only imagine what potential lies when a sequel comes out (and when people actually start to get really good at the game)

**Demo Final Rating**: The fucking bomb 10/10."
"The game launches with 5 maps, one MP mode, another MP mode that unlocks once enough people reach level 10 and a ""campaign"" which consists of challenge rooms. 

From everything Nintendo has shown it is severely lacking in content for a $60 game. "
"Well I was saying in my experience where I wasn't playing with anyone else.

In the future I definitely wouldn't be opposed to a patch that allows voice chat with people who are JUST your friends, but I'm more than happy to have a multiplayer game where I don't have to hear a random 12 year old squeal into the mic."
I'm just really annoyed that EQN is in their hands.  So much info at that one EQ event and practically nothing since.  Landmark this and Landmark that.
"I'll copy my impressions from [the /r/WiiU discussion thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/wiiu/comments/35d4n2/thoughts_after_1_hour_of_game_play_on_splatoon/):

Okay, here I go:

- I stuck with the motion controls throughout my playthrough of the game. They were finicky in the tutorial, but I was able to find my groove and go from there. I will try it with just the right analog stick during my next playthrough. Overall, controls managed to feel right after a while. I did have instances where I messed up and got killed.

- Matches (on my connection) were virtually lag-free. Not a frame drop in sight. I could probably notice that ink didn't splatter right on cue (very minimal), but I was having a lot of fun. It was like the Mario Kart guys helped them with the netcode. Speaking of which...

- I could tell that a lot of people were having connection issues. I think I lucked out by having a wired connection, but it did pop up for me twice (one as 118-0516, and another general communication error). Seeing that this has happened, this would be good for Nintendo to know, so let them know. They have a consumer webform for a reason. Again, apologies to all who weren't able to fully get in on the fun.

Main game now...

- Splat roller is love, paint roller is life. Basically, [**this**](http://media.giphy.com/media/9FtD8pr41pYkM/giphy.gif) was how some matches with the paint roller were for me.

- Splattershot is okay, but basic. It does the job.

- Splattershot Jr. is just puny. Only used it once.

- The Splat Charger is really more for offensives, rather than general inking of the ground. That being said, I had some great snipes.

- The areas were very interestingly made. I loved the Saltspray Rig more because of the verticality. It reminded me about swimming up walls and jumping, which I tended to forget a lot.

- Okay, so voice chat would've definitely helped, but I feel that people were able to understand their roles a bit better. What I would love to happen is a better pinging system so that you can direct players to where they need to shoot their ink. Some were able to understand right off the bat, while others seemed to only stick to a certain area.

- Splat Charger users are mostly stationary people because they'll need a steady shot. They seem to be more defensive with their long-range tactics. Splattershot/Splattershot Jr. users feel more like support, while Splat Roller users seems to be the offensive guys. I would like it if Nintendo considered a balanced teamplay session, rather than a free-for-all with weapons.

- A team of 4 rollers may seem OP on paper, but the team I was on were just so unfocused.

- Did you notice that there were Miiverse drawings in-game as billboards? Very nice touch.

- The color rotation was pretty good, and they were able to complement each other very well.

- Playing mini-games during loading screens is a nice touch. I'm glad the patent on that expired.

- The dynamic music was good. I love how it amped up as the countdown began.

- 3 minute matches seem to fly by, but it's not a big issue with me as I had originally thought. I would like to see what a 5 minute version would feel like, though.

_________________________________

I know, super unfocused impressions, but the beauty of it all is that I can work towards a cohesive version after all three sessions.

**Bottom line:** I like what I see thus far. Splatoon is considerably rough in places, but for what it's worth, I feel sold on the product because I feel that it has some true potential. I'm one of the few who would love to see a competitive community rise (and from what I heard, [there are people who are interested](http://squidboards.com/)).

I feel that with the updates that Nintendo will do all summer, Splatoon will be a fine addition to the Wii U library, and a bold new step for Nintendo in terms of what they can do with a new property in a genre that is unlike Nintendo."
"&gt; I'm more than happy to have a multiplayer game where I don't have to hear a random 12 year old squeal into the mic.

You don't have to tell me, biggest reason why I get tired of competitive FPS."
"That's pretty much how I see it.   They had a brief surge of mass popularity during the PSX era,  but that was more of a historical blip.   Otherwise,  JRPGs not named Pokemon have never been hugely successful outside Japan,  although they've always had something of a cult following. "
"&gt; Petrified has had its damage bonus reduced from x4 to x2.

Hopefully this will fix the ghost problems in Endless Paths.  Those things are way overpowered.  They keep my whole party continuously stunned and sometimes seem to one-shot my guys (I imagine it's that 4x).  "
"Straight up people. Do not buy The Division and fully warn people against spending their hard earned money in what will become the next Destiny.

I say this not as a raving madman demanding you all to do as I say but I say this from the perspective of a man who has wasted money on shitty game companies to know that Ubisoft is now one of them and we should all be extremely wary of them no matter what.

Constant bugs. Legitimately terrible stories, endings which are nothing but cliffhangers or worse and character models that change race through each installment for no reason. Then there is the multiplayer which feels tacked on with each of their games and barely works at all and is dead within a week at most. DLC chapters which actually are important to the story which they desperately try and ram down our throats no matter the quality of them. A freaking DRM which makes EA's look like a freaking Angel when compared to U-Play. U-play legitimately creating problems that if pirated instantly disappears in said games. (I don't recommend pirating because that is wrong!)

Then their is the near always crunch time they do with their staff for day one of development to the last and treat new employees like complete garbage. Management is said to be bad but not Konami levels of bad but close. Then there is the fact that games people do want from them are hidden away and never made much like Beyond Good and Evil 2 is.

This won't be the first bad game of theirs and won't be the last. I can count on that and I can personally count on the fact that this game will be a disappointment beyond words and everyone will regret buying it. I promise this and I hope everyone will just spend their money on something better or hell. Give it to charity instead of a crap game. But it is your choice what you do with your money. Please, if you do buy it, please know why I made this post and know that I tried my best to help steer you to better things instead!"
"I have a question.

In the actual game, how long are the matches suppose to last? I hope its not set as default to 2 minutes. Because that got annoying very quickly. I wanted to play matches longer. It's kind if like how smash is set to 2 stock each match when u play random people online. "
"It is too bad that they did not bring someone who speak Japanese to play the game and ask the questions.  
It seems Igarashi could have said a lot more without this double translation time. "
"&gt; Working towards the goal of how rag-doll and physics play together, a new system needed to be developed which Travis Day has coined the term AEGIS. This system allows for partial or full-body transitions in and out of what is basically a ragdoll state, using both procedural and artist-driven techniques. In other words, this will allow us to change the character (or portions of the character) to collide with and be affected by their surroundings, instead of animating normally.

This sounds like GTA's Euphoria physics engine, which was super cool, so I'm jazzed that they're doing something similar.

&gt; Building on those ideas we wrote a system that takes snapshots of the player’s requested movement and determines if the player is making a large enough change that would require extra steps to slow down or change direction. 

I wonder how this interacts with keyboard&amp;mouse controls. It's pretty obvious how this sort of system works if you're using an analog stick to control your movements, but on a keyboard, every change in the state of the WASD keys is going to correspond to a pretty drastic difference in trajectory."
"Alrighty folks, to givee you a little background all of us at /r/starcitizen have been eagerly awaiting this post. Forewarning this is just stuff off the top of my head so feel fee to fact check me or add to anything. 

For those unfamiliar CIG isn't known that well for meeting deadlines they set, but it sure as hell is awesome to see the updates they who such as this one. As far as when the FPS module gets released its best to just assume it won't until it goes live. That way you don't fret over dates and expecting something and feel disappointed. 

The module itself will contain zero g within a Sata ball arena, similar to the game from Ender's game. A little info about the lore of the game can be found  here https://robertsspaceindustries.com/comm-link/spectrum-dispatch/13365-Lore-Builder-Four-Sataball . In addition there will be the FPS combat within at least one map that pits soldiers and mercs against one another.

The module will be available to ALPHA backers for free. That means new players and beta backers will need to pay $5 for the module pass when it comes out. 

One of the more overlooked aspects is the technology for servers and is  something to keep an eye out for. This in addition to a new  matchmaker, game instance manager, party system is gonna be crucial down the road. If someone has specifics for this feel free to chime in on what setup they'll be using.

In all its been an amazing experience to feel like you're apart of the development process. CIG has adapted over time to fit the expectations of themselves and have done a fantastic job of keeping us informed in an entertaining way. "
"Judging by the comments, this isn't a very descriptive title. They're not closing down their mobile games division or removing ALL their games from the various App Stores. They're just removing *some* games that don't measure up to their new standards. 

If I had to guess, it'll probably be a bunch of their Genesis ports. Those always ran like shit, especially compared to the remastered versions of Sonic 1, 2 and CD from a few years back. "
"Were they only two minute matches? While they seemed they came and went quick I felt whatever length they were was a perfect length. 

Seemed at the start everyone would meet in the middle for a skirmish, then after about 20 seconds everyone would disperse and there would be smaller encounters along the edges, with everyone working their way back towards the middle for about the final 30 seconds."
"I think you are missing the point of all this. You will not be able to buy ships at launch and people who are calling it P2W lack a understanding of the ships. Those 500$ ships are not worth 500 bucks. Hell the cheaper ships are more likely to win in a dog fight. You are not paying for power you are paying to fund the game. The price is to keep the rarity of certain ships high.


TLDR: THE POINT IS TO RAISE MONEY FOR THE GAME NOT FOR THE SHIP IT'SELF. I would have still put in my 250$ if I had only gotten physical rewards and nothing else.

"
Its crazy how much money this game made and I love how open they are of their development process. Most companies wouldn't show or tell you stuff besides a teaser of a teaser. 
"the campaign looks like far more then challenge rooms from what I have seen.

It has seemingly large levels, quite a few enemy types, bosses and platforming. 

"
"Can't wait for a content patch. I know it's only been a little while, but I loved this game so much that expansions are wanted *incredibly* badly. Even started playing Baldur's Gate 1 and 2 again just to stay in that kind of quality."
"No different than buying a PC game on disc, and having to launch it through Steam.
There's plenty of devs that sell their games on their own site, and supply a key for Steam."
Part of Star Citizen. Basically Star Marine is simply a test bed for all the FPS combat to come in the main Star Citizen and Squadron 42 games.
"If you don't think games like SSB, Mario 3D World, Wonderful 101, Bayonetta, Mario Kart aren't worth $60, than I don't know what is."
IIRC you will be able to buy ingame currency with real money so in a roundabout way you can. I know that there is supposed to be a limit on this but until the game is out know one will really know how bad the grind or monetization is. I hope the game won't turn out poorly but it has some warning flags so waiting until it comes out seems to be the best strategy right now.
"I *really* wish they would get rid of pay-walls for each of the modules.  It's the only grievance I currently have with Star Citizen, and I'm an alpha backer so I don't even have to pay for them.

It just seems very gimmicky, like a used-car salesman. 

Congratulations on buying your brand new spaceship! Oh, what's that?  You'd actually like to *fly* it?  That'll be extra."
"No, Valve want devs to use Steam, even if they sell on another store or their own site. The new customers make up for any loss of cut, and the alternate was no cut anyway."
"&gt;But as these artists express more, the odds of saying something that clashed with the audience's expectations increases. Japanese RPGs added **sweeping scores, cutscenes, massive scripts, detailed characters**, and voice acting. And westerners hated about 95% of it. 

Some of the most fondly remembered JRPGs had this. Final Fantasy, Xeno-series, SMT, Suikoden, Tales of.. This isn't something new.

&gt;The only Japanese RPG series to get any amount of praise for its story in recent years was the souls series- and it's no coincidence that their story is told as minimalist as possible.

Xenoblade Chronicles? Persona? 'Tales of' series to its niche crowd? They were all extremely well received. The Souls series isn't a JRPG anyways. It's only considered one if you take the name literally.

&gt;I like to use Breath of Fire as an example.

It's strange you would bring up Breath of Fire because BoF3-4 are also spoken of highly, even if they might've not been huge commercial successes. It was the 5th game that really let it down.


&gt;Japanese players loved the characters in FFXIII, westerners hated them, but they all liked the gameplay.

Everybody liked the gameplay in FFXIII? As far as I'm aware, it was one of the reasons why the game was so poorly received by the public. That the gameplay was too easy and on rails for 20+ hours into the game with a poor story and unlikeable characters.

*****

My opinion is that JRPGs have always been a niche genre outside of a few series. Even to this day many of the best JRPGs are still unknown such as Xenogears, Legend of Dragoon and even Suikoden compared to the likes of Final Fantasy and now Persona. It's only because in recent times that gaming has exploded that a combination of factors have made them become more 'niche' relatives to other genres. Such as the emergence of 'action RPGs' like Souls, Kingdom Hearts, Drakengard, etc. Turn based combat just isn't very appealing to the mass market in general, especially when it's moderately shallow and not the focus of the game like in almost every JRPG. 

Perhaps it may have also been because many developers released high profile games (The Last Remnant, Lost Odyssey, Blue dragon, Tales of Vesperia, to name a few) on the 360 which wasn't popular in Japan nor popular amongst the JRPG crowd (which preferred PS3s), and in the case of Tales of, having to re-release on the PS3 to recoup development costs, thus leading to a low amount of sales and a focus away from the genre, leading to the prevalence of more 'indie' JRPG games such as ATLUS' Disgaea-like games, Atelier series and the likes. That may be why many traditional JRPGs are now on hand-helds because it's far cheaper to build games for a niche market.

There also seems to have been a cultural shift in JRPGs in trying to appeal to the anime/otaku market which is another niche market, especially outside of JP so that's double dipping into being niche. Not a great way for a genre to become more popular. Just looking at a [list of upcoming JRPGs](http://www.reddit.com/r/JRPG/wiki/upcoming_jrpg_releases), there doesn't seem to be much variety for those not wanting an 'anime' styled game. By anime-styled I'm referring to either a very anime-influenced art-style or a story that isn't about essentially a chosen hero going to beat a villian. Even looking back a few years to the previous generation, there was quite a lack of JRPGs that would appeal to the mass market. 


tl;dr imo JRPGs have always been niche but are even more niche now that gaming is mainstream. Many JRPG games are becoming 'less JRPG' and more other genres. Other JRPGs picking up the slack are very anime-esque and not mass market appealing."
"The product is there, it's available, and the only thing stopping people from playing it are some legal documents and nonsense."
"Yeah I think the delayed response to movement is gonna kill it for a lot of people. No idea how they can balance that. They want to tie first person to third person models too, so they can't do any tricks like decoupling the camera to smooth things out.

Movement feedback is one of the most basic gameplay loops everyones had drilled into them. Only a few sim games dare mess with it, other than them like 99% of games you expect it to be like camera controls, 100% responsive. Games that even slightly tinker with it can't help but feel awkward eg getting slowed down by zombies in L4D, losing your moment just feels so frustrating."
"I recently played it because I figured it'd give me a few laughs, but I actually ended up spending 10+ hours in order to get all endings.

There's not really game play as such, the story pretty much carries on by itself and changes depending on what choices you've made throughout the playthrough. A single game probably takes 30 minutes (maybe with the first one taking a bit more as you have to read a little more to get the full story), but there's a special story mode that takes longer that is unlocked later in the game. The more endings you unlock the deeper the story gets and the more you understand about other characters' actions in earlier playthroughs. It actually got to a point where I was so into the story that I forgot I was playing a pigeon dating sim.

But it should be played for the story. Game-wise you're not doing anything but selecting the occasional choice from a text-prompt and following what consequences these choices have."
"Right. But it completely disadvantages other retailers who haven't received it yet. Maybe there's not laws over there, but in Australia it's a huge deal when something breaks street date. "
"Yeah, but splat zones will unlock very shortly after launch, as soon as there are enough players who have a high enough level."
"Yah i have noticed lately that these ""Crowd funded"" type games and a lot of indi/early access games"" are much closer to the community than these other devs/publishers. It is refreshing, and i wish some of the bigger companies would start trying to get to the lvl some of these devs are. Skylines and Path of Exile are 2 pretty decent examples imo."
"That's exactly my thoughts on the gyro. I suck at using sticks to shoot, and being able to quickly tilt to adjust aim almost felt like twitching with a mouse, although it's definitely not a twitch shooter."
"*Runs through door, armed to the teeth*

QUICKLY BEFORE ITS TOO LA-

Oh..its err, all ok?

^...One ^day ^ill ^get ^an ^opportunity ^at ^heroism

^^Shouldnt ^^have ^^bought ^^all ^^these ^^guns

^^^Too ^^^much ^^^ammo ^^^as ^^^well

^^^^Im ^^^^in ^^^^so ^^^^much ^^^^debt

^^^^^wife ^^^^^is ^^^^^gonna ^^^^^kill ^^^^^me

^^^^^^stupid ^^^^^^Terminatior ^^^^^^movies

^^^^^^^dammit"
"Sounds like ""The Division"" is stuck in development hell. Hardly surprising since we haven't seen new footage in almost a year.

Any project that takes that long and has so many studios involved rarely turns out any good."
"Sorry but... oh God please no skill / leveling system like in Eve. The eternal waiting times for anything to progress in a significant way are what made me quit that game after a few months. Especially since there is nothing you as a player can do about it.  That was the worst part about Eve and just a step above those waiting simulators aka mobile games.  

I prefer the player skill approach SC is taking. This should offer good risk / reward gameplay and allow people to progress at their own pace. "
"Star Marine and Arena Commander are both in-fiction games inside the world of Star Citizen.  A virtual simulation inside of a virtual simulation.

When you first start Star Citizen you load into a hangar, which has a SimPod somewhere that you can jump into to load Arena Commander.

Both should be in the final release of Star Citizen for people to mess around."
That is amazing. This means that Battlefield will effectively have a higher tickrate than Counter-Strike: Global Offensive matchmaking. Hopefully Valve will step it up now! Players have been asking for 128 tick for years.
"It actually looks like your bullets come into contact with enemies now.

It's long overdue, but now that it's finally possible hopefully future titles make it standard. "
"have you ever played a castlevania game? You can't fuck with that art direction, it's already great. Mark of the Ninja would be a big step down. I don't want a cheesy flash game, I want a real Castlevania game."
"Wow. This makes me sad to be a counter strike player. People have been demanding 128 tick servers for years. Although the video mentioned this is just a test and will probably not be implemented, at least they are trying harder than Valve."
"I remember playing Metroid Prime 3 with the Wiimote for the first time and yes it wasn't as accurate as a mouse, but the wobbles and the slight recoil as you fired gave the shooting a sense of tangibility that PC shooters tend not to have.

Like you should never feel like you are fighting the controls, but I feel motion based shooting has a really natural feel to it. That said they do reward a different skillset to mouse-based aiming which I guess some players just won't like."
"Need a new ""proper"" game in the warhammer universe spacemarine was cool and so were the rts games but all this weirdness with the space hulk, phone games, and now dota spin off is just uncalled for."
"well, it's a CTE, they won't implemented it on day one, but at least we know their progress (and we can test it, too. if we have CTE, of course)"
"Haven't heard anything of a content patch being worked on, as far as I am aware of they're working on a expansion."
That's a ridiculous thing to say. Those are some of the best games you could get in the past few years. Super Smash Bros 4 and Mario Kart 8 are  content rich experiences that can offer potentially hundreds of hours of play. Super Mario 3D world has a large variety of levels and challenges. W101 and Bayonetta are one of the most technical and well produced games in their genre. 
"ea owns the right for star wars games and I think right now they are still trying to get people to play the old republic, also bioware is working on mass effect 4 and probably a dragon age expansion so I don't think it's really likely to see a new kotor anytime soon, maybe in 4-5 years"
"Compared to which shooters? Most shooters I've played since Quake II have less maps or about the same, no gear (outside of the same 5 weapons or so with expansions or upgrades). Battlefield is an example of a shooter with a *lot* of content.. a year after release."
Valve has already said that the reason 128 tick is not a thing in matchmaking is because it wouldn't matter for most people.
"You don't, there are a ton of very high quality games out on the U.  I don't regret getting mine when Mario Kart came out for a moment."
"To the doubters:  see ArmA.  Maybe not the best fast based twitch shooter, but that's not what its going for."
"They have the stats, and the stats say a very large percentage of people can't even reach 60fps, much less 128fps."
I think his point was even with the impracticality of booking/catching a flight there and back you'd have time to spare.
"As i understand it, the current release movement is entirely placeholder while the FPS team worked on the real movement system. "
"It seems like they are taking a couple of cues from the Arma series when it comes to movement, which I like. Arma 3 is awesome, and a big part of my love for the game comes from their more realistic movement styles."
"I am fine with them trying something instead of the logical ""battlefield but shitty"" approach.

Might not be good in execution but at least it is not already mediocre in concept"
"2 minutes seems to be a demo thing. In builds of the complete game other people have played Turf War lasts for 3 minutes, and Ranked Battles for up to 5 minutes.

EDIT: The matches in the demo are 3 minutes, same as in the other builds."
"It can take a bit to get used to, but he's exactly right. I was never more deadly with a bow and arrow in a game than in WWHD (and the bow's not even really a great offensive weapon in that game, just that being lightning-fast with it makes it STRONK.)

EDIT: I played the last test-fire and the motion control feels awful to me in Splatoon, mostly because of the thumbstick-to-rotate-camera/gyro-to-actually-aim dynamic. That said, I didn't spend much time with it."
"Are you sure you're not talking about a digital pre-download instead of a physical copy of the game?  That's standard practice for digital pre-downloads.  

Interesting that they would do that if so."
"""There's a new option to reset newly recruited companions to level 1 (without losing the experience). This will allow you to level up companions to your liking.""

Boom.

Starting up a new game"
"Lol, literally zero of those games have Star Wars or EA's marketing machine behind them. Are you kidding

Those are both far more niche titles than you realize"
"DICE is also not just a single studio anymore. It was DICE LA who worked on the BF4 expansions and Hardline, not DICE (Sweden)."
"Valve themselves take the argument that if your frame rate isn't even 60, you're not serious enough about performance to need higher tic rate. I don't think it's fair to make that decision based on data alone though, as clearly there are massive groups who can achieve high frames and do want it."
"Well not so fast, we're not even sure that these improvements will see the day of light in bf4 retail , imo 60hz might stand a chance but 120hz I wouldnt be so sure. But then again let's give them the benefit of doubt since they have been doing a pretty darn good job "
Possibly. Bioware and Visceral are working on two separate Star Wars games but I imagine they won't be revealed untill after Battlefront is released.
I think the post you read was about why Star Wars Galaxies failed. TOR didn't fail and is still going strong at the moment.
"From the second hour, the roller didn't seem powerful at all. Once you start using height properly and learn how best to spread ink with each gun, they feel balanced."
"&gt; Well not so fast, we're not even sure that these improvements will see the day of light in bf4 retail

Yes, it is worth mentioning that this higher tickrate is an experimental feature. They are testing it on a few special servers. And if it all pans out after all the testing, it is going to be packaged for a patch. For those who didn't know, ""Battlefield CTE"" stands for ""Battlefield **C**ommunity **T**est **E**nvironment"". DICE employees even have created a subreddit for it: /r/Battlefield_4_CTE 

I'll just quote [the official description for the CTE](https://cte.battlelog.com/bf4/communitytest/)

&gt; # WHAT IS THE COMMUNITY TEST ENVIRONMENT?
&gt; 
&gt; The Community Test Environment (CTE) is a PREMIUM Membership access Battlefield 4 environment where involved players can help us test new features, improved/changed content and experiments that aren’t yet (and may never be) ready for public release.
&gt;
&gt; # WHY DO WE HAVE THE CTE?
&gt; 
&gt; We want to open up our development process to our players, get feedback earlier and keep improving the Battlefield experience. The earlier we can get player feedback and full 64 player servers testing our latest features - the better off we’re going to be.

&gt; # HOW DOES IT WORK?
&gt;
&gt; With regular intervals a new CTE-initiative will be posted by our developers as a news-item. Usually this initiative controls which servers are up and running, and what game-modes are available to play at any given time. Since we need to simulate the retail environment as much as possible and need telemetry from full servers - the number of servers available will be limited. We will use the CTE Forums to gather feedback and suggestions during an active initiative - posting follow ups and comments to design &amp; feature decisions as we go.
&gt;
&gt; # HOW DO I GET STARTED?
&gt;
&gt; First, you need an active Battlefield 4 account with PREMIUM – all platforms now supported! (PC, Xbox 360, Playstation 3, Xbox One, Playstation 4). Then you need to register using your existing Origin login. Once registered, you download and install the CTE client from Origin - and you are all set!"
"Just about everyone loves the storylines and questing / lvl'ing experience. The game is absolutely packed with high quality Star Wars content. It's continued with well received expansions.

It's all the hardcore MMO fans that complained about ""end game"".. That very small percentage of vocal gamers that play MMO's to that extreme.

Don't buy into all the hate."
"I wouldn't say it's terrible, it's just a melee weapon instead of a gun. If you get good at hiding in squid mode and sneaking up on people it's a good way to get some kills. That's what I was doing at least and I was having a blast."
"&gt; The movement system looks really nice

Me too. It looks like they're going for a more realistic movement scheme. This means you're slow and an easier target. It should encourage careful tactical gameplay."
"All I want is a proper sequel to KOTOR2 by Obsidian, as they intended it to be, tying up all the plot threads they introduced in that masterpiece."
"Because at this point it really doesn't. If anybody wants to play CS seriously they'd be playing through a PUG system like ESEA or CEVO, not matchmaking."
"&gt; This will give less incentive to work as a team.

There was never much incentive to work as a team in earlier Battlefronts.  I don't think teamwork is as important in a shooter like Battlefront as it is in more serious shooters."
"The right stick IS used in the default control scheme, though. They've struck the perfect balance IMO - you use the right stick to turn, and use the gyro to aim. That way, you're not jerking the gamepad around all the time, you're using the stick to get to a general area, and using relatively small wrist movements to find your target, and it allows for far more smooth aiming more akin to a mouse than traditional right-stick controls."
"While I don't mind your opinion, I'm also very fond of nudity and not downvoting you would mean forsaking my beliefs."
SWTOR is still running strong. They've got events every month and new content and expansions are still being made. Meanwhile there's a 12x XP event for the summer which lets players experience all the storylines (the best part of the game) without having to redo the side missions.
"I've actually been following a Let's Play of Drakengard 3 over the last few days, so this is some interesting timing.

Overall, while I agree with the point that this article is making, I don't think this a problem limited to video games. Lampshade Hanging a flaw, problem or plot hole in your story doesn't immediately mean that that you're absolved for its use. Whether it's a book, television show, movie or video game, Lampshade Hanging something is generally the lazy/easy way out. 

It can work in small amounts in a story that is not meant to be taken that seriously, but not much more than that."
"To be fair to CSGO, 128 tick has been an option since the beginning. Valve just doesn't use it for their matchmaking. You can easily use your own 128tick server or a service like ESEA for 128tick. Just because it's possible doesn't mean battlefield will ever endorse it and make it the standard. "
"Well, you are comparing apples to oranges a bit. In CSGO, a tick contains the entire game state. In BF4, the data the client receives is based on the players location. Essentially you won't be receiving full rate data from events happening at the other end of the map. 

If you do a measurement, 60HZ BF4 on average uses a considerably less bandwidth than 64 tick CSGO, even when there are more players in BF4. 

Keep in mind that I'm not defending Valve, but don't base your argument alone on the fact that ""BF4 does it""."
"I've heard plenty of people complaining about grinding in GTA V.  I don't know if they've done anything to increase the rewards, but it used to take FOREVER to get enough cash to purchase real estate."
Sports games have delayed responses.  It depends on your footing and momentum.  It's something else to occupy your mind and could take some getting used to.  It will make it more skill based by having a higher skill ceiling.
"Yep, it's kind of ridiculous how much bandwidth source games need (1.200 KB per packet, 154 KB/s for 128 tick both up and down."
"Oh damn, fucking Square Enix. Well, the final product is looking good with the direction Tabata is taking, so I hope it's fucking worth the wait"
"Clearly you don't understand how the Source engine works. If you're only pulling 60FPS, you're only sending 60 packets per second. 

Packets are tied to FPS in Source."
"DICE Stockholm is working on Battlefront. That said, if DICE LA can implement it for BF4 there's a good chance it could be relevant for Battlefront since they're on the same engine. 

But of course this is in the extremely experimental stages so don't expect anything much on launch, considering DICE's history."
"It's hard to believe. I only remember keeping track because way back the only info on Kingdom Hearts 3 was it would come out after squenix finished ""FF vs XIII"". I never imagined I'd be in my twenties by the time either game came to completion."
"I bought my PS3 in part for hype of Versus 13. Despite how little they showed at the time, the pedigree of SE (being one of the people that heavily enjoyed 12 and having not seen main game 13 yet) and Nomura meant I expected great things. Having played the 15 demo it seems like they'll be delivering those great things, but this dev cycle really is one of those things that makes me feel like any company but SE would have scrapped it. That said, if the game was delivering on concept the idea of making it the next main series game instead seems reasonable.

There's also some degree where it makes sense much of it's early development was fairly slow. It was announced as part of the Fablua Nova games really early, but main 13 got most of the development effort before they moved to the rest, understandably."
"It didn't fail, but it wasn't really a success either. EA/BioWare laid off a lot of the team, then hastily turned it into f2p. I think it was below expectations for them. Though I must say I don't know how well it is doing these days.

Personally, I played it for a few months at release. Questing was alright, the main story anyway. Other than that it was still boring MMO grind&amp;fetch quests, hardly comparable to a real quality singleplayer RPG like Mass Effect or KOTOR IMO."
"&gt; Long Dark

&gt; fun

Honestly, the game is great, but it's one of the most depressing experiences I ever had in gaming. First time I played it, I nearly cried when I found a safe shed with food - because I thought about the pointlessness of it when I have to die nonetheless at some point."
"I never imagined I'd be in my 30s! 

I could have sworn FFvXIII was announced when I was still in my teens."
"Bioware ISN'T working on a separate Star Wars game.  This is a massive misinterpretation of the original press release, which said that ""Visceral and Dice will be *joining* Bioware"" in making Star Wars games.  Given that SW:TOR is an MMO and thus under continuing development, all the statement means is that TOR will continue to be developed, which is happening right now.  

In addition, Bioware doesn't have the capacity to make another Star Wars game.   Most of the Edmonton studio is currently transitioning to work on the New IP while a small team works on Dragon Age: Inquisition DLC and an even smaller team does pre-production for the next Dragon Age game.   Montreal is wholly focused on the next Mass Effect title and is still staffing up for that.  And Austin has a smaller team based around support for The Old Republic, which is seeing further 'major story content' this year, and after the cancellation of Shadow Realms it is also helping on additional development for ME4.   

Finally, RPGs are not exactly the biggest genre.  With the exception of Elder Scrolls titles, the most the average role-playing game ever sells is 4-5m units a title.  EA has one MMO and THREE active RPG franchises under development (DA, ME and the new Bioware IP), so there is less desire to add an additional game to the pile, especially while SW:TOR continues to rake in well over $100m a year in microtransaction and subscription revenue for minimal development costs. "
"That's not what input lag is, or how tickrate works...

When you move your mouse your PC doesn't contact the server.

If it did you would have insane input lag when playing with 50ping+."
"Warframe is very fun but it does eventually turn into a grind. Still, a very good game with a nice community."
"Honestly, no. A big complaint of Destiny aside from lack of content was the grind. And Warframe is FAR more grind heavy.  That said, Warframe IS free, and it's a pretty decent game. It's price works in it's favor here, but it's purposefully made to be grindy in hopes of you just giving in and shelling out cash to buy things rather than grind them out."
"If only there was like... some other aspect about the game that was prominently featured that would extended the life of it and help justify the price tag. Something with multiple players, maybe online..."
I'm assuming the bandwidth utilization must have been recently raised with the new mic update as well?
"Slightly off topic: but I played warframe beta when it came out but quit after a few days because it was so repetitive. It reminded me of a buggy phantasy star online. 

If you had to sum up the differences in what it was early on versus now how would recommend it?

I ask because I've been on the fence of picking up destiny for the past week or two. "
"but aren't these games SUPPOSED to be a grind? same with games like Diablo? It's really the same loop over and over, not much story or context. It's all about new loot and seeing numbers go higher. The trick is to make it interesting and the shooting/combat feel good. That said, I'd love a jetpack or double jump in Warframe. "
"A lot of ""hate"" also came from the fact that if you stripped away the Star Wars theme, cut scenes, and voice acting, the core leveling experience was an an extremely unimaginative and often uninteresting MMO treadmill. I played all the way through the Jedi Knight storyline, which I enjoyed for the story, but the thought of playing through that game with another character hurt my *soul.*"
"&gt;The trick is to make it interesting and the shooting/combat feel good.

I haven't ever heard anybody say that Destiny has bad shooting/combat. "
I really don't understand why they are limiting online to 2 maps at a time for 4 hours. Just have all 5 in a rotation. Limiting it makes it even more repetitive and obvious you have a lack of content. 
I didn't mean to insinuate I didn't like destiny's combat. I just thought their mission structure and content was a little low for a $60 game. 
"Yeah, to me, Destiny had some of the best FPS gameplay of all the shooters in 2014.  It's what kept me playing it for so long."
"&gt; the core leveling experience was an an extremely unimaginative and often uninteresting MMO treadmill

That has been my experience precisely. At some point this game, WoW and even WildStar, all felt the same."
"The old voice codec was 2.2kbs and the new one is 3.8kbs at least [according to a test](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S52VAZEYtgs&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=2m)
"
"AFAIK the game was insanely expensive to produce. According to wikipedia it cost 200 Million US$ in development alone, which is almost double of the second most expensive (GTAV). I don't know what EA expected but it takes a lot of players to get that money back in."
"With the exception of World of Warcraft, all MMOs lay off developers after launch.  The staff required for post-launch development is simply less than for pre-launch.  Most MMOs develop on a five-year cycle.  For the first three years, they have at most 100-150 people. The last two years before launch they rapidly staff up to 400+ content drones and QA staff, and then they get laid off after launch. "
"&gt; if you stripped away the Star Wars theme, cut scenes, and voice acting, the core leveling experience was an an extremely unimaginative and often uninteresting

Yes, if you strip away all the best things about the game you are left with something bad.  If you strip away all the freedom and exploration from Skyrim you are left with a crappy hack and slash game.

If you are not interested in story then you will find Swtor to be standard MMO fare, but the story is what makes it unique and keeps me interested.
"
"I'm pretty sure this was intended more as a video ""for the masses"", they probably weren't targeting this video at the expert chart authors out there."
Check out this nice forum thread: [Welcome Back To Warframe!  Here's What You Missed...](https://forums.warframe.com/index.php?/topic/356275-welcome-back-to-warframe-heres-what-you-missed/)
"I think Warframe is an excellent game, and its well worth your time. However, I feel like the shooting mechanics/feel and encounter design is much better in destiny, along with its great presentation and epic score - it makes for some pretty fun gameplay, even when you do the same stuff over and over. IMO anyway."
"I haven't played Destiny, but I've heard even megafans claim that it becomes a grind as well.

Is it the raids that separate it from Warframe?"
"Combat kinda is an afterthought. The main goal is to collect territory, but killing someone does limit the other teams mobility quite a bit. Very frustrating when 1-2 people on my team are dead and the other isn't in a great place to jump to. Walking around is for noobs. "
"me too. I miss everything about that game. I unlocked my jedi pre-cu and that was some of the most fun I've ever had playing video games. 

Its still the ONLY game that made me stay up all night, then the servers restarted...and I got back on to play. "
"&gt; To summarize, essentially Jedi were the most broken characters to ever exist in a universe (laser sword, kinesis, telepathy, enhanced physical abilities, plot armor, etc. etc.) and they broke most games they were implemented in.

I just don't think this is true especially for single player games. Games always have uber powerful protagonists, I don't see why playing as a Jedi would break any game. I think the problem the Star Wars games had were the same any game based on movies can run into, they expect the name to sell the game and they don't put in enough time to make a quality game. KOTOR 1 was amazing, I liked 2 as well even if you claim it was buggy, I don't remember many bugs but it was a while ago. 

Yes, I think we will see another Star Wars RPG, and it may even be under a familiar name, like KOTOR 3. Barring legal hurdles, I don't know who owns the IP for KOTOR specifically, there are a lot of people who remember the old KOTOR games fondly and would be quite interested in a revival of the series."
You might try [Divinity: Original Sin](http://www.divinityoriginalsin.com/) ([Steam](http://store.steampowered.com/app/230230/)) if you're looking for something more modern that holds to the same high standard of incredible isometric RPG.
"Warframe has very difficult late game content to challenge even the most proficient players. It also has a fair number of bosses and is pretty satisfying to play. I think destiny just doesn't feel as good because the game just doesn't have as much content,  and probably never will if they intend to mass produce sequels."
"&gt;  With the exception of Elder Scrolls titles, the most the average role-playing game ever sells is 4-5m units a title.

That is just because no one can seem to make a decent RPG. I mean where are the attempts. DA:I is a big AAA and Witcher 3 is coming out, but before them, where are the big AAA RPGs? The answer is few and far between. How can we tell how well a game will sell if no one is willing to put in the resources needed to make a good one.

It's a new day, what you said has been true, but it has not been tested in a while."
It's called audio surf. You aren't going to get anything that will play well or realistically with rock band and guitar hero by using mp3 files. 
"I would disagree tremendously.  Deus Ex: Human Revolution was an excellent RPG and reviewed well, it sold between 2 and 3 million unites.   The Witcher 2 sold similarly, as did Mass Effect 2.  All those games were very well received by both critics and players. 

The fact is that the audience for 'cinematic RPGs' (ie narrative and choice-driven role-playing games) is relatively small compared to shooters or action adventures or MOBAs or even MMOs for that matter.  I would estimate it's five million at most.  Skyrim is an open world RPG, so its not even in the same genre really. "
"Tickrate is the speed of which the server can process its data. The faster the tickrate, the faster the server is processing the data sent to it and the faster the server can push data out to all of the clients. The faster the clients receive up-to-date information, the smoother the gaming experience. 

Low tickrate can create a very sluggish experience. It's why you feel like you get killed behind cover. Becuase the server is running so slow, your position in the game world on your client is going to be different than the one on the server and both are different from the one sent out to other clients. This means on another client's end you'll still be in full view even if on your end you're not. If you up the tickrate you increase the speed of which your position is to the server and the server gets it to the other clients faster. Get fast enough at positions get close to being the same across all clients. Due to networking and how computers/servers work, 0 latency speeds are impossible but it's always better to run the highest tickrate possible.

Battlfield 3 and BF4 at launch rant at a measly 10-15 hz. Games like Counter Strike run at 60hz at a minimum with competitive players at 120hz or even 240hz. 

So this is a good thing.

The only major downside of this is that the servers are going to require more processing power to handle the higher tickrates without seeing any performance issues. This is going to inevitably make servers cost more to run as the require more hardware. We'll see what happens there."
"Warframe has 8 players raids now (Law of Retribution), they are releasing another one soon.

The pvp on Destiny is miles ahead imo. but they are revamping movement in warframe so we will see."
"Warframe has changed a ton since beta, I won't pretend that the initial release had a lot of content, probably about two different tilesets, and every boss was basically the same with a different weapon. 

It's  had a huge explosion of content recently, and the devs are specifically trying to remove playing the same level over and over again to get a tiny chance at a drop, which was a major problem with the game."
"&gt; and probably won't be as popular in a year when this is released.

Marketing, they'll market this to death and it will sell. Throwing more development resources is almost a guarantee that it will be matched by marketing resources, the strategy for big publishers is to just go as big as you can. Remember when the first trailers came out and everyone was saying ""OMG OMG OMG that looks so cool!"", well they'll put out a few choice trailers and previews and it'll happen again, and it'll sell (and this works for pretty much any big game).

The solution is to stop caring what other people buy."
"TOR absolutely failed, it recovered and found a way to make the best of it, but the expectations of the company were that'd do much much much higher."
"I love Destiny, I love Diablo 2/3, I love good loot-based games.

And Destiny isnt as much of a grind as Diablo, honestly. While Diablo is still the good kind of grind, Destiny puts in many limits each week which make it impossible to grind any kind of activity too much. (except Strikes, tho not too many people play that many of them, and they dont give very good rewards)

In Destiny you can do either of the two Raids twice on each character on both normal difficulty and hard. Or only once if you do the hard difficulty first (and get two times the loot for it). (technically you can do them more often, but they only give rewards once a week)

Same with weekly strikes and nightfalls.

I havent played too much of Warframe. I tried getting into it a year ago and I couldnt because it started really really slowly and even in the beginning was all about grind."
"Seems doubtful, for a couple of reasons:

1. Lucasfilm is pushing for a more cohesive universe (reset canon). They want all the books, tv shows, and movies to be more internally consistent with each other than in the past. Making KOTOR 3 may require making KOTOR 1 and KOTOR 2 canon, which probably isn't going to happen. This all ties into the second point,

2. SWTOR still exists and makes EA a lot of money. Even though it wasn't as big of a success as they hoped, it still is one of the more successful mmos on the market, and that's the main reason it is continuing to exist despite reset canon (its the only still-active property in the ""Legends"" canon). Also, presumably any future rpg game in the star wars universe would be made by Bioware, and they wouldn't want to interfere with themselves, since it seems somewhat unlikely that SWTOR is closing its doors anytime soon. "
"They aren't using their own covers. They are using the actual stems provided by the band or record company. Actually, I think the last cover they had made was Ten Speed of God's Blood and Burial due to the actual stems having too much bleed in them.

As for them ""having to manually use the mouse"" for everything, that is the official methodology used for Rock Band Network (3rd-party officialized DLC) and CDLC. The tools for ""baking"" the output only exist for Reaper (and even then, I believe it's only available for 32-bit Reaper)"
"Theres good grind and theres bad grind.

You need to feel like what youre doing ultimately benefits you. When I tried Warframe I felt like I was doing the same shit over and over without adequate reward."
"To me, Warframe still has some serious content issues.  It seems like, since I started, content basically amounts to a new frame and new weapons every 2-3 months.  

The core mission and gameplay types haven't varied in a good way much since I started, with the exception of the newer Spy missions.  Other new additions like Archwing or Raids seems like failed experiments in a way.

Older content and core mechanics are slow to be iterated on, which is why we've had lingering issues with Parkour, abilities on older frames, weapon balance, and so on.

It always *seems* like a lot of the new content has stuff that could be construed as overpowered, and it's nerfed at some point after the fact when it's no longer ""new"".  It strikes me as somewhat shady, because it's like they release powerful stuff to capitalize on sales then nerf it afterwards.

I don't know, I like the potential of Warframe, and I've found the promise of post-30 weapon/frame leveling of the ""Focus"" system appealing.  However, what I've actually received is a lot of half-finished stuff that doesn't seem to get worked on for a long time after, if at all.  It's a joke somewhat that the game is still ""in beta"", but it's true in a big way with respect to polish and content.

Better than Destiny is relative I guess, since I think they're pretty different kinds of games.  I wouldn't say I liked Destiny, but I think it lacks the beta ""excuse"" and suffers from different kinds of flaws too.  That's aside from the grindiness that they both share."
"&gt;Still, a very good game with a nice community.

One of the things I love most about Warframe. I just started a couple weeks ago and the amount of people who have gone out of their way to help me with missions, teach me how to play and what shit means is absolutely staggering. 
"
"The thing is, you can go total free2play in Warframe because you can farm items and then sell them for the real money currency.

Source: I have quite the stacked account in WF, and have spent maybe 5€ ever?"
All i've heard on that is that it is like borderlands where the bosses are just huge bullet sponges(and maybe some other enemies).  That is just a problem with shooter rpg in my opinion.  
"That same studio (also made the old republic) has an untitled star wars game licensed at the moment. We can hope.

Edit: guys, I was mistaken. Stop upvoting me!"
"Pre-mounts and vehicles. Meeting a group in Mos Espa and running to Fort Tusken only to have half the members die before reaching it, has been my favorite gaming moment since. Sitting in a scout made camp strategizing on what to do next. God, that game had such potential..."
"Yesterday's developer stream heavily featured info on movement 2.0. You can watch it via the saved [Twitch vod](http://www.twitch.tv/warframe/b/657263721), or the [Youtube upload.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7QVemHYKn4) The parkour 2.0 stuff comes in at 16:50

Key points seem to be:

*being able to stop mid wallrun/zipline

*changing direction

*charging jumps 

*smoother looking engagement(current parkour system has an often noticeable 'skip/pop' when your warframe starts a wallrun)"
"With the amount of power and customizability that mods provide in Warframe, I don't really mind there being a grind. The gameplay is fun, and there's always goals I can set for myself if I wanted to."
"It had like 3m sales when it first came out IIRC, they easily made their money back. I remember EA saying it was a bright spot for business in one of their earnings calls and that they made even more money than they were before when it went F2P. I don't know what your definition of failure is, but just because a company changes their business model for a game doesn't mean the game failed.

EDIT: in another post I included a link that said monthly revenue had doubled since it went f2p"
"Warframe hasn't gotten old for me yet after about three months of play. Destiny got repetitive about a month in. The difference between them is Warframe has so many different ways to play, and even more characters to play with. Yes, you do have to grind a lot more in Warframe, but there are at least twenty (I'm not sure on the actual number) unlockable characters to level up, try out new weapons, and have fun with. Destiny felt like I was doing the same few missions over and over, and I didn't feel challenged at all once I was maxed out. With Warframe, you can choose to challenge yourself or take it easy. Even with maxed out characters and gear, some planets and storylines (which are free, by the way) are still challenging even with four players. Destiny has much better looting in my opinion, though. In Warframe you have to grind to find parts (which aren't even guaranteed every time) and then spend time and resources to build the thing you want, which usually takes 12-24 hours. The only instant loot you get is resources, money, and mods. 

TL;DR, Both have their pros and cons, but when Destiny is compared with Warframe, its not worth the $60. "
"I hope they give Obsidian the opportunity to make KOTOR III, and actually give them time to finish the game. BioWare is now in the game of making action games that try to be RPGs, I think to recapture the KOTOR magic you'd need a company like Obsidian who sticks with the classic RPG feel."
"Before Destiny came out I had played a ton of Warframe already, and I basically described Destiny as ""Warframe in first person"".. Warframe is grind heavy, **but** by that it is truly grind heavy, not very RNG dependant like Destiny is. In Destiny all you could do was pray to RNGesus and hope for the items to drop, in Warframe 70% of the items are blueprints from the shop and you grind resources to craft them. 

Eventually you will get to a point(like me) that you don't have to grind for resources, just a few rare mats and occassionally credits. Then there's the other 30% which are top tier and you have to run special missions to acquire blueprints and parts to craft these items, this is where you have to pray to RNGesus aswell, but before this there's multiple hundreds of hours of content to do. Also once you've grinded the special maps enough, you can sell the parts you don't need for the real money currency and then buy the ""premium"" stuff, which are mostly vanity items and already completed weapons or frames(aka the 'classes' of Warframe). Also you can buy the parts for the top tier weapons that RNGesus never allowed you to get."
Destiny feels soulless. Even the developers can't make the game sound interesting when they talk about it because it has no interesting features. It's just kind of there. I figured we would be exploring worlds with Guardians not parking lots with lifeless player avatars.
"Copied this from /u/Calchitcho:

&gt; Bioware ISN'T working on a separate Star Wars game. This is a massive misinterpretation of the original press release, which said that ""Visceral and Dice will be joining Bioware"" in making Star Wars games. Given that SW:TOR is an MMO and thus under continuing development, all the statement means is that TOR will continue to be developed, which is happening right now.
In addition, Bioware doesn't have the capacity to make another Star Wars game. Most of the Edmonton studio is currently transitioning to work on the New IP while a small team works on Dragon Age: Inquisition DLC and an even smaller team does pre-production for the next Dragon Age game. Montreal is wholly focused on the next Mass Effect title and is still staffing up for that. And Austin has a smaller team based around support for The Old Republic, which is seeing further 'major story content' this year, and after the cancellation of Shadow Realms it is also helping on additional development for ME4.
Finally, RPGs are not exactly the biggest genre. With the exception of Elder Scrolls titles, the most the average role-playing game ever sells is 4-5m units a title. EA has one MMO and THREE active RPG franchises under development (DA, ME and the new Bioware IP), so there is less desire to add an additional game to the pile, especially while SW:TOR continues to rake in well over $100m a year in microtransaction and subscription revenue for minimal development costs.

Also,

&gt; That same studio (also made the old republic)

This is /r/games, people are familiar with Bioware :)"
"Slide right before hitting the ground

It allows you to continue shooting or reloading, and you can jump from a slide to maintain or increase moment. "
They have been hinting at removing coptering (slide attack to propel you at 100 miles an hour) and lowering stamina cost of parkour so it doesn't affect your ability to go into melee/block.
"Because you play TOR for the story, not a sandbox experience. This requires some quality voice acting."
"If you've got enough lateral speed you can try to do an air slide; if you don't, try holding crouch anyway and instead of rolling you'll do this three point landing move as if you were going straight down. I really hate the roll too."
"I alternate between the two. I enjoy Destiny's polished gun play, overall game flow and power balancing. I enjoy Warframe's stylish powers, visual character customization and level design. 

They both have their faults but I've found that alternating helps negate burnout. I'll also try out F2P Steam games and beat the free PS+ games as they're released to break up my Warframe/Destiny grind."
"I had the complete opposite to you. Warframe for me, got boring after a week, but I have been playing destiny I have played atleast 3 times a week since it was released. Once I maxed out characters to the top level, I had PVP or a new gun to level. Also, trying to solo the Nightfalls is always a fun challange.

I can't even imagine you manage to max out in destiny in only a month too, that seems far too unlikely.   "
"Mastery rank 16 here.

Endgame is a joke. Weapons and crowd control powers scale so much, the only genuine challenge is staying an hour+ in t4 void. The raid requires more mics than actual skill.

"
"I played warframe back when it first came out, then dropped it until about a month ago. I had no clue what I was doing anymore since all the updates, and pretty much pressed buttons until I found a level I could play. I felt like my grandpa trying to figure shit out. 

Still a fun game. "
"I don't really agree at all. I've played tons of multiplayer shooters in my life and this is the exact opposite way to go about it. They should be setting up servers with all 5 maps that go through in order. Then there is no repeating the same map back to back, no maps being unused, no next map voting, etc. Battlefield does a great job of keeping all maps in the rotation for official servers. 

When you limit it to 2 maps, for an extended period, with short rounds then it will cause burnout. So instead of a group of friends getting together playing for hours, they will play an hour and be burned out by the repetition. "
"http://www.polygon.com/2014/8/14/6001503/star-wars-the-old-republic-2014-players-ea-bioware

please just stop making shit up."
"&gt;Warframe is very fun but it does eventually turn into a grind
 
Eventually? Like the first thing you do after the two short chapters is start grinding. I mean its fun but when it takes me days to get a single item that may or may not suck, that makes me sad. Maybe I am doing it wrong but I can never get the rare parts with out doing the same mission 50 times in order to get one special piece. Maybe im just used to the diablo style item drops. At least it feels like im progressing in that. "
"Amen. The story in KOTOR 2 was perfect because it had the possibility of being one of the greatest video game stories around. Extremely iconic villains, very gray (not black and white) decisions, a complex story -- all the hallmarks of an Obsidian game. Jedi weren't touted as the angelic saviors, and Sith weren't villains zed as evil barbarians. 

KOTOR 1 was really fun, don't get me wrong, but it felt too much like the movies. Too much good vs. evil. KOTOR 2 said, ""pick whichever side you believe in more"" and then gave you the reins. Shame it wasn't given more time. "
"I loved KOTOR 2. The scene where you're talking to one of the Jedi that made you an Exile and having all the different things to say was incredible, you could have your character looking for redemption, embittered by the exile, still arrogant of their actions, still evil, you had so many different ways to have your character act which is key for the RP of RPG."
"Right now, imo, there are very few enemy types that make me shit myself like the liches/mindflayers/beholders and even vampires from BG2.

The Banshees that can aoe paralyze are obviously trouble, so are the shades early on and the mandragora. However, these encounters always feel so... rushed. I need to lock down the Banshee and then have 4-5 guys shoot it in the face with rifles/blunderbusses, rinse repeat. I feel like I'm taking a hammer and bludgeoning my way through the game, rather than planning ahead and use lots of spells in combination with each other to defeat encounters."
"As a long time collector who has recently decided to part with his collection, I am happy that old games are trying to be preserved in some way. I realized that all of the memories I have of my games aren't from the cases or manuals or cartridges, it was from the experiences inside of them. I still remember first joining Avalanche in their crusade against Shin-ra as if it was yesterday. So vivid and clear. Those physical copies can still help those who want that feeling I got when I first started collecting, just that tangible feeling. But tangible things can fade over time and you can always remember. I can always go back to Nibelheim and DK's Jungle on my PS4 or Wii U. As for all of the other experiences that developers choose not to make available for a small ~~some~~sum of money, people will try to keep those alive one way or another and I thank those who try. After all, if they can then they should try."
"&gt;I felt like my grandpa trying to figure shit out.  

Yeah that was my problem too. I had a lot of fun slashing stuff but I felt like I was just kinda clicking things. Then i found the ""story"" missions and those were easy enough to figure out. After that I was like ""Oh OK.. I guess Ive beat this"" because I didnt want to do the same few missions over and over. Im probably doing something wrong but I wanted new stuff. Also didnt help I got drunk and purchased some things and was mad about that lol

"
"Destiny feels a bit flat in places, and its lack of grouping and social options is a bit frustrating.

But its no where near as painful as F2P games like Warframe. The gear incrementalism in Destiny is very shallow, and achievable by casuals just doing stuff for fun. 

The art design and combat mechanics in Destiny are better IMHO. PvP is better. 

Yes the DLC is a bit of a rip off, but you pay your $ and you're all in from that point on. At this point in its life, you can grab a used/discounted copy of DEstiny for $30, and another $35 gets you both DLCs so you have the full game -- House of Winter isn't even out yet. "
"&gt;  It's why you feel like you get killed behind cover.

This will happen regardless of tickrate if you're playing against someone with high ping if the game uses client-side hit registration."
"Really? Because every time I see this argument I can't help but think about *MK8*, which has a bunch of tracks but doesn't really have a cohesive single-player experience. It's just... some racing. *MK8* was amazing in that you can blow hundreds of hours in the online mode, but *Splatoon* is shipping with a complete 3D platformer single-player mode. I don't see how *MK8* is a fine price but this is not."
One thing I noticed was that they were using Ad Block Plus in Mozilla Firefox. I know it's trivial but it goes to show that EVERYONE FUCKING HATES ADS. 
"I'd actually prefer to see Jedi Knight rebooted as an open world first person RPG, like Star Wars Skyrim. Unfortunately, it could never be as awesome as Skyrim due to EA's position on mods, but an open galaxy Star Wars RPG would still be awesome."
"ok...

There's really not a lot of information here. I don't see anything special or terribly interesting at this point. the planet/moon in the skybox was kinda cool looking."
"Unfortunately, while the gameplay is great, the story and characters are pretty lacking which, in a game that long, really drives me forward. I know not everyone plays RPGs for that reason but for me, divinities story wasn't really compelling enough. "
"Not to be pedantic, but you can't go back to Nibelheim on your PS4 be unfortunately and for no good reason the PS4 won't play PS1 games. Even digitally, which baffles me."
"Warframe is a fantastic game, ESPECIALLY for a free to play. The speed of the gameplay and variety of content are what keep me coming back. I always tell my friends it's B-Movie Destiny with more ninjas.

Destiny may be grindy and not too deep with content, but Bungie really knows how to make it feel good to shoot a guy/alien in the face. And despite limited content, every piece of content feels more detailed and carefully crafted.

I go back and forth between them pretty often. If you like one, you'll probably appreciate the other."
"It's never going to go away, but the effects can be greatly reduced by a higher server tick rate and server's policing the pings of the players."
"I haven't played warframe in a while. But there were certain maps that made the more rare parts easy to get if you did endless defense/survival on them. 

We would suit up in our best suits and do 30min survival runs and walk out with tons of rare items, yelling out where and when one dropped. 

It also helped that on double drop and double boost weekend we got 200-300 of each rare item in a matter of hours and were set for life. This wasn't till the end of our few months of playing though. 
"
"If you are taking this from the Wikipedia page, your source is unfortunately the same article Calchitcho was talking about. 

&gt; (Author is talking about how EA is being licensed by Disney to make Star Wars games) ... While we don’t have any details to share today on specific titles, our development teams are already brimming with design ideas.  The EA Studios that will develop these games are some of the most innovative and popular creative teams in the world, and include DICE and Visceral, in addition to the BioWare team, which is already developing for the Star Wars franchise.

If you have a different source, I would love to hear it though!"
"Assuming you're talking about the rare resource drops (Neural Sensors, Orokin Cells, Neurodes, etc) the best place to go for those are the boss fights at the end of each planet. For weapon parts, yeah, that's pretty well just fucked."
"I played both games.

I played Warframe way longer than I did Destiny and managed to get to the highest level in both games.

Ultimately Warframe becomes a collectors game. You get access to the essential weapons and items relatively early to boost yourself to a maximum damage output. Everything you grind for afterwards, is just cosmetics or sidegrades.

During my playtime I met a lot of older dudes who play that game, since its not a competitive game that relies on aiming or reflexes, yet you feel awesome because you mow down thousands of enemies.

And there relies the defining feature of both games. In Warframe the tricky part is to not die if larger and larger waves of enemies rush you. The Gameplay itself is slow and relaxing. 

In Destiny the tricky part is the gameplay itself. You need to be on your toes to succeed. The fun comes from defeating your enemies through skill.

I would say that Warframe is the better game of the two. It significantly improved over time I played it with monthly (free) content updates that always added a little flavour to it. And if the game itself gets boring, you can have some fun with its trading system by accumulating some platinum you'll never spend.

In Destiny you see missed opportunities everywhere. The story is nonexistent, the world itself is designed for a lot of more game than it actually became (There are tunnels everywhere, filled with named/high level enemies but they lead to nothing). I guess some of them are used in the DLC.

The only thing Destiny made well was its gunplay. But you need more than that to be fun."
"My biggest issues with Warframe the few times I tried it was the movement system. Half the time I did not know if I was going to wallrun or mantle the cliff. It also felt like I was just running all over the place shooting randomly until I hit something.

Is there any idea when the ""movement 2.0"" patch will be live? I might have to give the game another try then."
"/r/warframe is there for you!   
  
To get another warframe you have to know where the parts drop (usually bosses) kill the boss to get a part of the frame (each frame has 3 main parts : Helmet, chassis, and systems) once you get all three you buy the main blueprint from the market and build the parts in the foundry (takes 12 hours) then use the parts to build the main warframe (takes 3 days) "
"One thing that annoys me about destiny is that the deplorable rpg system (and the constant scramble to fix it) completely negates any sense of difficulty. Its not that I've never been challenged but that the challenge seems to come at random and so it feels like a grind instead of a challenge. So the raid, weekly, or nightfall seems hard? You just grind until you have gear that makes it easy.  Then grinding is easy so they put artificial limits like one raid per week so people have a reason to keep coming back. Then they revamp the grind system or the gear or change something that undermines all of your hard work.  In most shooters,  completing the game on the highest difficulty meant something.  I'm proud to say I beat Gears of War 2 on insane and others who have tried it can relate to my perseverance. The RPG system is so broken in destiny that you never get that feeling.  Is warframe better than destiny in this regard?"
How so? I thought Destiny's pvp was an iteration on Halo pvp. It felt very much the same just with a few changes. Of course I love Halo pvp.
"There are only 2 weapons that drop parts from missions (not counting archwing) The Seer, and the Miter. I don't think that counts as a huge grind specially since there is 180+ different weapons in the game."
"I think one point you failed to mention is the disconnect between story and gameplay.

The writing team and gameplay design team aren't always in sync. It could have simply been a nice opportunity for some levity, as level design is out of the writer's control. But one thing they can do about it, is poke fun at it.

No one will know for sure why the writer's decided to do that, but I think it's important to keep in mind that the gameplay designers and writers don't share the same opinions about things and sometimes don't even work together.

Usually the process would work via a liaison. Someone that fosters communications between the two teams (a director or producer would do this, among other people). He'd present the writer with a scenario and say ""come up with something to say here"". And vice versa, he would present the level designer with something the writers wrote and say ""design something around this"".

You insist so much in your text that the designers and writers are one and the same, and I think that makes your entire article incredibly flawed. Still an interesting read though."
"Killing affects mobility, means there's less jerks painting over your ink, and every kill is a nice area of coverage too. Winning is through territory control and kills don't score, but combat is absolutely critical to winning."
"Visceral's engineers forwarded the netcode update to DICE LA because there's no Hardline CTE. They recently announced a Hardline CTE coming soon to follow up on these updates.

Look up the developer's twitters and they actively talk about that. DICE LA is responsible for all the other updates, but Visceral originally introduced the new netcode patch for CTE. There is no mix-up, ask David Sirland if you're curious."
Which is why it won't get made. They've settled on Mass Effect as their futuristic RPG. They would essentially be competing with themselves.
"It's making plenty of money, they are using active players, and EA mentions it specifically as a bright spot on official reports."
"But here it actually does. 

You need Platinum (Real money) for: Slots, Catalysts, Reactors. That's what you 100% NEED plat for. 

Everything else is farmable or a bling thing."
"They only added pvp to warframe due to fan demand. They never wanted to put effort into pvp though because the developers only wanted to make a co-op game, that doesn't let pvp define balance. "
"&gt;The art design and combat mechanics in Destiny are better IMHO.

I don't know about the art design, but the engine definitely feels more solid. Its like riding in a rickshaw vs. a motorcycle. Warframe's engine is pretty wonky."
as far as I know they always had hotkeys. you hover over the ability and hold down a key to assign it.
"End-game content **is** a grind. You're making a good point. People complain that end-game content is grindy...but if it isn't a grind then what is it? The end.

And then you have a story game."
"I turned it down at first, because of reddit. Turns out I like it much better with gyro on. I find it faster and more precise to aim up/down."
"Most recent example would be the depth 4 defiled chalice dungeon in Bloodborne, going in with a capped level for the PvP meta. 

I managed it, but Jesus Christ did it take awhile. For those unaware the enemies in the dungeon are harder than those in the base game (but easier than in depth 5), the kicker is that your entire time in the dungeon is spent with a 50% health penalty. Which is extremely unforgiving when it comes to more than a few enemies and their attacks. Then there are the bosses, which can be - to put it mildly - rather ridiculous.

Also, just to add - fuck Ebrietas. Hate that boss fight. "
The last two encounters in the Last Of Us the fact that almost every enemy was armored with assault rifles just made it so unfun.
"The last few levels of Metro 2033, with the snot shooters and the crane mission. I've only beaten the vanilla game once because of that area and it took me several attempts to do so. 

I think it's balanced out a little better in the Redux release, but it's still easily the worst part of that game. "
That stupid fucking elevator in POP: Sands of Time. Everytime I getting a craving to replay the game the memory of that elevator dissuades me. 
"They've spoken at length that they want a slower, tactical experience reminiscent of early Rainbow 6, and contemporary games like ARMA.

A fast twitchy combat system would seriously clash with the way the game will handle serious character injury and permanent death."
im playing through ocarina of time master quest right now- FUCK THE FIRE TEMPLE. If the water temple is worse than this in master quest then I'm soon going to not have a ds.
"I just started this dungeon last night and my god is it infuriating. The mobs of respawning spiders was bad enough, but the OHK of bosses that are damage sponges is infuriating. I'm on Layer 2s boss and I swear his sweep attacks have a much wider range than they did in his earlier form. It's driving me crazy as beating the Queen is pretty much the last thing I need for my platinum. "
"if you don't want unavoidable grind, don't play warframe.

 Almost all gear in warframe, barring special event weapons, need to be crafted from resources found in mission. "
"if Warframe is a slot machine, then Destiny is a rigged slot machine. At least I have a real chance of making progress in Warframe, with Destiny I could waste a month and make near zero progress."
"My only problem with Kotor 2 was that every other character was very grey, but most of your dialog options were still Good Guy or Hitler. The RPG mechanics were broken enough though that you could go neutral and not miss out.

Hell, I was Jesus, then got Apathied to Death which brought me to neutral, and I still rolled through Nihilus's ship spamming Force Storm.

I just hate all the fanboys who go full Nihilist and think the OT and Kotor 1 are irredeemably shit after listening to Kreia, or for some reason think Kreia was advocating for Nihilism. Then there's the Kotor 1 fanboys who think Obsidian was ""stepping out of line"" in what they did with Revan and Kreia.

I still don't understand when people say Kreia was Sith just because of her Light/Dark meter, or that people thought she was actually gonna kill the force, when it was just a ruse to get you to go to Malachor 5 and see Scion's and Nihilus's  addiction to the force."
"Warframe. He's talking about survival void missions on the highest difficulty, where you stay as long as you can, fighting off enemies and activating life support capsules, and every five minutes there's an opportunity to evac. It scales in difficulty with time, and at about an hour in is when things get very tanky. The moves don't change, there isn't any different or interesting enemies aside from 1 boss spawn at 20 minutes (I think), it's just the sheer thickness of the meatwall you need to plow through."
"And yet, TOR is still mentioned in Electronic Arts earning reports as being very profitable, despite the fact that they're still putting out tons of content for it.

The game gets crapped on quite a bit, but among ALL MMOs that have ever been created, it's the only one that also manages to have the choices and plot threads of a Bioware single-player RPG. It's worth playing just for that."
"You **vastly** overestimate the amount of people who care about copyright and the realistic chances of Congress ever doing anything. You'd be lucky if your ""live debate"" aired at 3AM on CSPAN9."
"True, but you can't always slide, and doing a ground strike breaks flow/takes time with the animation. A lot of times, I'm trying to land perfectly on some small, higher up object or platform, or whatever, and the automatic roll just ruins it."
"The only legitimate reason why the publishers would have any moral right to prevent people from preserving this kind of stuff is if they plan on making some money off these old games by offering fair support, and they never do.


I just wish more dev's were free to do stuff like John Carmack, thanks to him releasing the Doom source code, the game is still active, still modded, still played. I'm rooting for the OpenMW team to finish so I can play Morrowind without the single-threaded old engine."
"Eh, it's just that, with regard to any sort of ""parkour"" style stuff, the movement is just restricted in ways that don't really align with the gameplay. It's not really too complex.

Really, the only relevant ""movement"" in the game right now is coptering. The parkour is practically nonexistent until they either nerf coptering, or bring out Parkour 2.0 which **still** won't be enough unless they drastically change or add maps/levels to accommodate it."
"As far as realistic movement in shooters go ArmA 3 is definitely a top contender.

The stance system and freelook mechanic also really add to feeling in control of your avatar's body and taking cover or peeking far more precise and easier than most other FPS' with only prone/crouch/stand.

It does take a little while longer getting used to but once you've done so you'll wish more shooters adopted similar mechanics."
"I've been re-playing **Mass Effect 1**. After building a gaming PC and seeing the Steam deal for ME 1 &amp; 2 last weekend I thought now was the best time to go through the trilogy once again. I've never been a PC gamer before so it's been interesting to see how the Mass Effect experience is different from the Xbox 360 version that I played years ago (dat 60 fps). Largely it's the same great game, with some minor differences, like aiming and controlling the Mako, the latter being slightly more difficult with a mouse and keyboard.

The biggest gripe I have with ME1, however, is still the same: the combat. I've seen people defend this game's combat, and for the life of me I can't figure out why. It's objectively bad. 

The guns are inaccurate as shit, which I think is because it works on a dice-roll system (correct me if I'm wrong). If that's the case, then who the hell thought that was a good idea for third-person shooting? The sniper rifle is the worst offender by far, with that ridiculous sway that makes aiming nigh impossible. My favorite class is Infiltrator, so you can imagine how the sniper sours the gameplay. And who thought it was a good idea to disable aiming when the player is at critical health? That's not to mention Team AI, which is equally awful. They regularly shoot walls, can't aim their tech or biotic powers effectively, and die far too easily. Plus they often don't move where I tell them to. 

The cover system is pretty bad too. You move reeeeally slowly around cover while you're in it, and I sometimes get put into cover when I never meant to. You also have to be at the perfect spot in cover (like a box or a wall), right at the edge, to be able to hold down the aim button and shoot. Otherwise, you can't aim, and are forced to just hold down the fire button if you need to shoot.

I bemoan the combat of ME1, but the rest of the game is still fun. Voice acting and dialogue are knocked out of the park, and the world-building Bioware did is really fascinating. Mass Effect 2 is one of my favorite games of all time, so once I'm done with ME1 it's going to be interesting to see how the sequel holds up compared to my memory of it."
Of course there is a way to differentiate between a 'good' grind and a 'bad' grind.  Usually it boils down to if the way the game plays is just plain fun.
"# Splatoon Test Fire Event (Wii U)

Only got to play about 45 minutes but it is incredibly fun. I'm mostly a KB&amp;M guy when it comes to FPS so it took me a while to get used to the controls. Neither the motion nor the regular dual analog controls come naturally to me but I managed to get used to the dual analog one eventually. I surprised myself with how quickly I managed to place 1st or 2nd in most games and even managed to almost win a 3v2 game. 

That said I primarily used the paint roller and I think it's definitely over powered and needs to be rebalanced a bit. I also hope that in the retail version we can customize our loadouts a bit.

# Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon (PC)

Completed this last week. I really enjoyed the ending even despite some horrible usage of memes that made me think the game was made by redditors.

The game does an absolute fine job of going over the top and crazy but not overstaying its welcome. It's short enough that you aren't listening to the same joke in your 14th hour with the game. There are some repeated jokes but I found them mostly to be in side quests, which honestly aren't that fun so I stopped playing those after a while. 

I really hope there are more games like this, but I do not want a sequel ([Spoiler](#s ""which I fear might happen due to the last scene where Dr. Darling turns around with red eyes"")).

# Call of Juarez: Gunslinger

I've only played through the first chapter (featuring Billy the Kid), but I'm enjoying the solid gunplay. The duels are quite entertaining with the mechanic of being fair but losing vs unfair but quicker to draw. 

That said the reason I picked this game up was because many folks recommended it as a game similar to Blood Dragon. I'm not sure I'm getting that now but hopefully it grows on me sooner."
"IMO the game lacks vertical progression. I played warframe a ton for about a year, and towards the end I could max out a warframe in about 3-4 weeks. The game has plenty of horizontal progression through all the weapons and warframes. It just needs more ways to upgrade and progress under a single warframe for those players who like to stick to just one or two characters."
Half the fun of warframe is the grind. Its basically an ARPG like PoE or D3. You wouldn't complain that D3 or PoE is to grindy so why would someone complain that Warframe is grindy?
"Since I'm on a Star Wars kick, I recently started **Star Wars: The Old Republic** again so I can take advantage of the story exp boost for subscribers.

I still think it entirely failed as an MMORPG, but as an RPG I feel like it does a damn good job. I feel far more attachment to my characters than any other MMORPG I've played.

I'm just playing it by myself and treating it like KOTOR 3. Once I hit the cap on all my characters I'm out again. Which, given the exp boost, shouldn't take long.

"
"I just got **Dark Souls Prepare to Die Edition** from the humble sale last night (I think its still on sale!) and I am really enjoying it but I have NO IDEA what I'm doing. This is my first time playing a Souls game and its a pretty good experience, definitely lives up to the hype that everyone gives. Although I must say, the combat is insanely satisfying, every kill so far has felt like I've earned it by outplaying and outsmarting the enemy. I hated Skyrim's combat for this reason, all fights were button mashing Mouse 1 until the enemy HP bar depleted. The dodge and block mechanics in Dark Souls really give the player options, creating an experience where tactics and strategy really have an emphasis on your success in the game.

I'm only on level 2 so far, I tried going down one path where there are grave stones and I always get killed by skeletons. I found an elevator thing that takes me deep underground and I get destroyed by these ghosts with scythes. I have no idea which way to go since I get killed super easily regardless. I know the game has a reputation for being difficult but I didn't think that it'd be this hard this early on. Neither path gives me any indication of where to go. I feel like its usually the easier path is the one that you are supposed to take, but both are destroying me."
"**The Order: 1886**


I didn't know what to think of this game because I didn't follow the trailers or any of the hype leading up to release. I heard a lot of people were upset with its very short length, low replay value and constant removal of control from the player. I picked it up for ~~20~~ 30 bucks last weekend and went through it in one sitting and I was absolutely blown away. I figured it was going to be a AAA version of a game like Walking Dead with a more direct story and that is exactly what I got. The gunplay is adequate for the purpose it has and it just feels like this game was meant for people who enjoyed point/click and adventure titles. The amount of detail in the places you get to explore is insane and I love all of the little lore touches you can find by reading newspapers and diaries. 


The guns themselves are some of the best I have ever used in a game. The thermite rifle literally shoots a flammable cloud that you can then set on fire. A gun that sets the air on fire. I didn't understand how to use it at first and ended up shooting all 6 clouds in one area only to fire a flare and have a massive and beautifully fatal explosion. The gibbing that the shotguns do is absolutely brutal as are the melee attacks(which I never saw repeat once, there are a ton of them). As I said, the actual gunplay itself is nothing groundbreaking but it completely acceptable.


The story is a somewhat cliche horror story that takes some pretty interesting(and in my opinion awesome) turns. The characters are all very well acted and the facial animation is absolutely astounding and right up there with Crytek and Naughty Dog.


The biggest enemy it had was the marketing campaign that never quite explained what it is. That and the 60 dollar price tag for something that people didn't really understand what it was until after they already spent it. A classic story of misinformation and skirting the truth. It was a direct, tight, plot driven adventure title punctuated with cool set pieces. There were fewer combat segments so it never felt stale to me and I was always super amped to use the weapons again. [Spoiler](#s ""Nikola Tesla being the Order's mechanic/gunsmith was an awesome imagining of the person""). The constant ""cinematic frame rate as a weakness"" argument is pointless here as the game ran at a completely stable never fluctuating 30. It looked absolutely great as is and it truly felt like you were controlling a movie. I would have felt completely at ease watching someone play it at a movie theater. There were times when I didn't realize I was in control because the transitions between scene and play were so intricately woven that it just felt like one giant piece. 


Overall, I loved it. Anyone who is into adventure titles should play it and everyone should give it a shot if/when it hits Playstation Plus. I give it a solid thumbs up from someone who doesn't buy into hype and lets a product speak for itself. Was it worth the 60 dollars for the content? Maybe, maybe not. But the presentation and visual acuity could not have been done on a lesser budget from a studio based in the United States. Steampunk fans will love it."
"&gt; WTF happened? 

This has always been what they were trying to make...

They want a whole universe, not just a sit in the cockpit and conduct your business from a space port parking spot, in-ship UI. They want the player to be able to leave the ship and explore a planet, a city etc., and of course, they want there to put a combat aspect. 

Piracy, in space, will be fairly involved by the players. One might expect there to be space dogfighting, and an eventual winner who will take the loot and go, but SC is creating systems in which players will actually cut into the ships, and people will fight in the ships, on-foot, so that a ship can be taken over.

None of this would be particularly fun and expansive if they don't have a relatively polished FPS component of the game.

"
"Mate, neither of them are the right path. Look for some stairs up from the first bonfire, rather than down. Also, allways exhaust the crestfallen warriors dialogue. For now, he tells you exactly what to do."
"**Wolfenstein: The Old Blood**

I loved the new order, so I went ahead and picked this up right away. it's pretty much more of the same but added a few new things (stealth scenarios and weapons). some would say the maps are more linear. that's fine with me. $20 is definitely worth 10 hours of play (it took me 13 for the main game so it's quite a bargain, but I picked that up at $30 on steam sale). if you're on the fence, wait for the first sale. "
"Just finished **Batman: Arkham City** and had a blast. I played Batman: Arkham Asylum last year, but I've been busy, and I'm so glad I got around to finishing Arkham City before Arkham Knight comes out. Really a brilliant game and reminds me of an all-around better and polished version of Arkham Asylum. Totally recommend both games, but I haven't touched Batman: Arkham Origins due to the immense amount of negative feedback. I might get around to playing it, who knows.

Edit: Went ahead and bought Origins because I really did love these games. Can't wait to give it a whirl. Thanks for your input, guys!"
"I've recently been playing the original Dark Souls on the PC. Dying has never felt so good. I've not used DSFix or any texture packs yet, so I could get even more out of it in the future.

The level design is fantastic. At first I was a bit overwhelmed with all of the freedom it gave me, and the punishments for going the wrong way, but once I got past that, I was blown away by the labyrinth-like level design, the way it teaches you the mechanics through the game design, learning the rhythm of the enemies... Putting it bluntly, I love it."
Is there any one on earth that buys Mass Effect games that wouldn't buy a Star Wars game in the same style? 
You must have played a lot more mass effect than I did. Where did they hide the turn based combat and the fucking lightsabers? 
"I don't understand how Nintendo pulled off a seamless multiplayer shooter. But they did it. 100% confirmed for purchase after this last test. 

My only real complaint is that the round time is a tad short. I sort of wish that there was a more involved, longer mode that didn't feel like a lighthearted, bite-sized fling. That, and the sniper aiming feels like garbage (honestly, it almost feels more effective at close-to-mid range)."
"There's plenty of RNGesus when you are trying to build a warframe or weapon that isn't available on the shop. Waiting for that specific weapon part or frame component blueprint to drop can be frustrating.

I can't count how long I farmed for Volt a year or so ago. Did that for about half a week until I finally got the blueprint I needed."
"Arkham Origins isn't a bad game by any means, it just pales in comparison to the other two. Arkham City gave players new things to do by expanding upon Asylum, but Origins just feels like Arkham City part 2 with a worse story. Not bad, but it didn't innovate in the way the first two did."
"MEGAMAN BATTLE NETWORK 3: White
For GBA


I have a lot to say about this game. Idk how else to describe it but it just does so many things right. I have played the others but 3 is the one that always brings me back. This is probably my 4th time playing it. The customization in the game is unrivaled by its successors and the depth of the end game is awesome. There are tons of secrets and hours of content. I really wish they'd remake it and change very little. With the release of mobile emulators and link capabilities, I really want to draw my friends back into it and net battle with them.


I hear reddit talk about a lot of oldies like Mario and Zelda but I feel like this GBA game should be considered one of the greats, I really do. For those of you who haven't played it, go get it on VBA emulator it's really great. "
Kotor used turn based combat. What is meant by turn based combat here is dice rolls initiatives etc. Combatants rolled dice in turns to determine whether the attack was successful or not.
"Mortal Kombat 9... Couldn't beat Shao Kahn no matter how many times i tried on the highest difficulty level, ended up having to lower all the way to easy and then gave up when i still couldn't beat him.... i am his bitch to this day."
"Very broad and vauge answer--but I'd have to say any metro in any post-apocalyptic/horror game ever. Stalker and/or Fallout are honorable mentions. Once I get to those sections I just stop. No. 

I don't know what it is, maybe it's the isolation from everything else inside metro areas. "
"The Lost in Dreams sequence of Dragon Age: Origins. It's killed my fun every time I've tried to play the game. I know there's a mod that removes it, but I've lost all interest."
"Dragon Age: Origins

The fade level in the mage tower. Fuck that shit. It's not difficult, it's just so fucking boring. It goes on for way too long and it just kills any motivation to keep playing the game. 

Every time I want to start up a new game I remember that I have to through that shit again and I lose all interest."
"&gt; Any project that takes that long and has so many studios involved rarely turns out any good.

Not to mention how late this new studio joined.

I'd be very careful about buying The Division before reviews/user reports."
"For OP: That level is pretty easy mate. Are you giving Smoke a good angle to shoot? You can't be right next to the train, you gotta be a little further away so he can aim. "
"There are a couple that really stick out to me.

**Dark Souls:  Blighttown** -- Having to be constantly careful about how I traverse the world isn't super fun in as large of doses as this area provides.

**Final Fantasy IV: Magnetic Cavern** -- Get those R and L buttons ready for a grand ol' time of running from every encounter!

**Diablo II:  Act III** -- Maybe it's not fair to include the entire Act, but I feel like pretty much everything up until the Durance of Hate is tedious and boring.

**Devil May Cry 3:  Leviathan** -- Boring and slow."
"I loved the last encounter. My friend watched me do it on normal difficulty and he was impressed how I handled it. It took every bit of knowledge I had of the game's mechanics to beat. 

I'm looking forward to finally doing a grounded run. I've been busy with other games though."
"The best way to beat Shao Kahn is to be defensive as fuck. 

Dodge his moves and wait for him to taunt. Once he taunts use your best combo against him. Rinse and repeat."
"I've beaten 3 games in the previous week. 

**Ryse Son of Rome** - Great game, a bit repetitive,and a bit too short, but I enjoyed it overall, cool story and a fun experience. 

**GTA V** - Nothing to say about, a little bit disappointed with the end (maybe it was my fault in the end), but the story, voice acting, characters and everything was so detailed, I really got myself into it and I started caring for every single character. Loved it, fantastic example on how triple A should be made.

**Perils of Man** - Short, but interesting adventure game, with interesting thoughtful story. Although a little bit buggy, if you manage to overcome its flaws, you can really enjoy what it has to offer. 

Currently playing: 

**Ori and the Blind Forest** - nothing much to say about this game, best $20 spent in a long long time. Fantastic game, with fantastic gameplay mechanics and graphics that  will leave you completely speechless. Must buy in my opinion!"
"&gt; Some sort of debate on national live TV would be most effective in doing this

PM me so I can buy some of what you're smoking, pls"
Oh my god IT'S AWFUL. I was playing through Master Quest with not much trouble then got there and just grinded to a halt. I think I'm still there in my game. I hear the water temple in MQ is actually easier than the original game though.
"Great Bay Temple in Majora's Mask. I don't even bother trying to play through it normally anymore, I just go straight for a guide. And it STILL takes forever."
"Not to mention the infrastructure for even more amazing mods, and even online co-op or even instanced online stuff."
"In many games, there's some section where there's forced sneaking. That usually makes me give up the game. Like in the first Fable, there was that part where you have to sneak by bandits. I gave up with that and never touched the game again."
"I actually thought the library was a worse area than this, the gorilla guys were just so hard to kill. "
TLOU on Survival difficulty is one of the most tense and amazingly well made experiences I've had in gaming.
"Yeah, I always saw posts about the damn train. I never remembered it being difficult. I replayed through the game on my tablet a couple months ago and got it on my first try. 

you just need to be further to the right going through the tunnel so he can actually hit them."
"Personally, I didn't like the Metro 2033 game that much-- and that wasn't necessarily because of the metros, but rather the gameplay which wasn't that good in my opinion. Between both, I'd recommend the book. "
"It's tough because it's supposed to be cheesed and can't be played like with any other fight. It basically requires a routine, jump whenever he rushes/hammer throws repeatedly, then when he taunts pull out a combo or x-ray move, then repeat.

It's pretty annoying to hit him during an ""invincible"" animation period, I don't really understand who thought that was a good idea."
It's my understanding that chalice dungeons scale on their own and are separate from the base game and any NG+.
"I know what you mean. Had the problem in Fallout 3, something about the metros scare the shit out of me. It's so dark and the damn ghouls. Nope, no thank you"
"Yeah, but don't feel bad.  It's very popular mod because of just how bad The Fade is.  It's just awful.  The first time it's almost bearable because it's new.  If anyone plays through that multiple times, they are a damn saint."
"Replay on Grounded. I thought Survival was rough but very doable, but goddamn grounded is just a bitch. The fight at the end of the sewer level is just damn near impossible, took me forever to get through it. "
"First is **Warframe**. I played it way back when it first came out in beta but I stopped a year later because I got tired of the grind. I just downloaded it on the PS4 to try it out again, and holy cow is it different! I don't recognize the galaxy map, mission structure, the home base, it's all been completely revamped. I am however very much enjoying it. The gameplay is tight and the frame variety is huge, it's lots of fun. My only complaint is that I can't transfer my PC account to the PS4, as I missed the migration they apparently did last year.

I also replayed **Max Payne 3**, as it's been awhile. This game gets a lot of flak online, but I think it's an extremely strong game. The style and tone is definitely a bit different than the first and second games, but it's done just as well and the narration is still signature Max. The only thing that might bug me a bit is that Max's development seems like it might have slipped back since the end of two, but the plot in 3 is done well so I don't really have any problems with it. The gunplay is done well and very fun, I never get sick of bullet-time dodges. Overall an extremely fun game I'd recommend to anyone who's a fan of third person shooters."
"KOTOR was definitely turn based. It was similar to FF7, where you had an invisible ""Action bar"" that filled up periodically that let you do another attack. Certain things filled up the bar faster and such, but it was definitely turn based. It was just turn based in real time clothing."
Brave Fencer Musashi. It's near the end of the game there's this steam tower that's about to explode and you have to stop it. The controls were awkward and I always get knocked down to the bottom.
"**Broken Age** – I was a backer on this since before it had a name. I’ve watched all the documentary episodes and played Act 1 when it came out even though I knew I’d probably have to play it again (which I did, as the backer email recommended), and now the whole thing is finally complete. I’ve played every previous game Tim Schafer has worked on, and I count several of them (Monkey Island 1 &amp; 2, Day of the Tentacle, Grim Fandango, and Psychonauts) among my favorite games (though Full Throttle was not my cup of tea, and I didn’t even come close to finishing Brutal Legend). After playing the whole of this game through in a couple of sittings, I’d say it might not be quite up there with the best of his work, but I definitely enjoyed it a lot and it was absolutely worth backing. The documentary episodes shed a lot of light on the game development process (albeit a rather unusually structured one), and you could tell the people at Double Fine really care about their work. The split of the game into two parts didn’t really bother me much, since the first half ended on a spectacular reveal (a cliffhanger at the time) and clear midpoint to the story. However, I think that may have caused overly high expectations for a second half that was always going to have a hard time living up to it, especially with a year and three months in between.

So, for anyone who didn’t know, the story of this game follows two teenagers, a boy and a girl, from completely different backgrounds, whose stories and settings seem to have nothing to do with each other except for a few subtle references until the big reveal at the midpoint demonstrates the connection. Spaceship boy Shay is coddled by his computerized parents who treat him like a small child, making him want to defy them and do something meaningful; baker girl Vella would really rather not be sacrificed to a giant monster that comes to her village periodically, and decides to fight back. Each of them ends up accomplishing their goal, after a fashion, but the result is…different than expected, and it’s hard to explain the rest without serious spoilers. Act 2 in particular really can’t be talked about without mentioning one part of what happens at the midpoint, so while I’ll do my best to use spoiler tags for that specific thing, a mild **spoiler warning** should be considered in effect for those particularly sensitive to them.

The best aspect of this game is probably the presentation – the art is wonderful (with one caveat which I’ll get to), the music is great and very memorable, and the voice acting makes good use of the all-star cast. The one caveat about the art, which has bothered me since I first played just Act 1, is that the two lead characters are drawn with much crisper edges and seemingly a higher resolution than pretty much everything else, and sometimes when the game zooms in on something, the difference is really noticeable. Tim Schafer’s trademark humor comes through, of course; although the game isn’t quite as overtly funny as some of his other games, there’s a lot of great material here mixed in with the more serious coming-of-age stuff (which still isn’t all that serious). As usual with his work, there are highs and lows and the moment-to-moment stuff holds up better than the overall plot does in the end, but it’s all just so endearing and likeable that it doesn’t matter.

The two halves of the game are different from each other in multiple ways, which were especially noticeable when I played them back to back like it seems they were intended to be – these are definitely not ‘episodes,’ but two seamless parts of a whole. In the first act, the two characters are completely separate from each other, and while it always gives you the option to switch, you can play all the way through one story (except the last cutscene at the midpoint) and then play the other. Most of the puzzles are pretty straightforward and almost too easy, but I didn’t really mind that because it helps move the narrative along. The two stories play very differently – Vella’s takes place in a succession of different villages with wide open areas, while Shay’s takes place within a network of enclosed rooms and includes some puzzles based on finding different ways to traverse them (particularly, traveling through certain teleporters multiple times in the same direction to exaggerate a glitch). The ending of Act 1 shows how the two stories are related, and demonstrates that some events in both stories were connected in retrospect – the best kind of plot reveal, since a bunch of plot threads suddenly fit together but loads of new questions open up.

In the second act (which is actually somewhat longer than the first) we already know the connection between the two ‘worlds’ of the characters, and [Spoiler] (#s ""after an event that transpires during the midpoint, they actually have traded places: Vella ends up on the ship, and Shay ends up in the villages."") Due to backer complaints about how the first half was too easy, the puzzles have had a serious ramp up in difficulty that is almost bordering on unfair at times, putting the game back in the territory of the ‘classic’ adventure games, for better or for worse. Standouts in difficulty include untying a big knot by translating verbal descriptions into pictures and back to verbal instructions, determining the original color of a pair of bronzed space boots by piecing together various clues, and rewiring a robot in different ways in order to get it to do different things. One thing that makes this part of the game even more difficult is that you are occasionally expected to use information from one character’s story to solve puzzles in the other, but it’s difficult to tell when or how, or what to look for; it’s kind of weird that the characters only have this information because the player does, and that there was no precedent set earlier. I only knew to expect it because of a discussion about this particular game design dilemma in the documentary in which Tim Schafer worked out ways to keep the player able to switch characters freely and still access the needed info. It’s interesting and I see where he was going with it, but could have been handled much better and set up properly in the first half. 

Since the second part of the game is set primarily in the same locations as before, with the same characters [Spoiler] (#s ""besides the swapped leads""), it’s a little disappointing that we don’t get to see any completely new places even though a *really important* one is hinted at and seen from a distance and in a few cutscenes. That said, it is nice to see all the changes that occur in the areas between the acts, especially in the now-damaged ship interiors, though with much more travel between villages in the other story thread I could have used a map screen (either way, that poor lumberjack/metalworker has no privacy anymore!). I think there is exactly one new character, although there are several who change occupations or who are revealed to be something other than they seemed to be in the first half. In one case it was to be expected…when you wear a goofy wolf suit and act mysterious all the time, you’re obviously hiding something. However, new information about the true nature of Shay’s computerized parents casts their interactions with him from the first half in a really weird light.

The ending portion of the game brings the two characters in close proximity, though they still can’t directly interact, leading to a complicated but interesting final puzzle involving them both simultaneously distracting other characters. The ending is satisfying to some degree, but a little lackluster and vague, and doesn’t really explain anything that happens after the event. Then again, after a year of waiting and building up expectations after the brilliant cliffhanger of Act 1, it was always going to be difficult to create an ending that matched it in impact. I think if the whole game had somehow been released at once as it currently stands, the reaction to Act 2 would have been different – but then again, if that had happened, Act 2 would have been made differently. It seems to me that a lot of people, including myself to a degree but especially including, say, the guy from RPS who immediately wrote an article trashing the game, spent the last year building an imagined story of Act 2 and were disappointed when the released game didn’t live up to what was in their heads. 

If I may use a Star Wars analogy, the difference between the acts’ endings is a little bit like the difference between Empire Strikes Back (ends with a spectacular reveal) and Return of the Jedi (slightly cheesy ending, less good overall, but still very satisfying). Also, seeing as Tim Schafer seemingly literally wrote the entire game himself and had no one to tell him firmly not to do certain things, if the LucasArts games are like the original trilogy (what made the creator famous in the first place) then Broken Age is a *little bit* like the prequel trilogy (the long awaited, high expectations comeback with total creative control) – except not even remotely so severe a difference as that analogy implies. Overall, while I think my opinion of Broken Age has gone down a bit after part 2, I’m really glad to have backed and played this game, and it’s still a really solid adventure game when taken as a whole. It’ll be interesting to see what kind of reputation this game ends up with, years down the line when the gap between its halves is no longer relevant.
"
"I'd say MKX is harder overall, but it's missing the bitch double fights and that fucking final boss. Corrupted Shinnok ain't got nothing on Shoa"
"I actually loved Blighttown, thought the sprawling, twisted level design was very nice and seems like a strong precursor to their approach to level design in Bloodborne. What I didn't like about it was the framerate, it actually made me kind of sick in some places where it was really bad. "
I remember every time I get into the Fade I feel like I'm dozing off and sleeping. I guess the developers achieved  that dreamy-feel of the Fade by making it so fucking boring that I want to fall asleep.
"Yeah, the AC series is notoriously bad about this. I loved the naval combat in 4, but by that point I was so fed up with the lazy, bullshit mission design in the series that I ended up rage-quitting during one of the stealth missions. "
"All the Zero missions in GTA: San Andreas, following the damn train with Big Smoke is a walk in the park after suffering through these missions..."
"Blight Town ain't so bad.

Lost Izaleth was truly awful for me, and makes me pause every time I go for a replay. Horrible flat level design, weird dragon ass enemies everywhere, and the whole level suffused with an awful eye-bleedingly neon orange glow (and you have to put up with a 'being burned by lava' sound effect throughout). 

Ugh. "
"I employed so much stealth and failed so many times on that level on Grounded and Grounded+ that I can stealth the entire thing in my sleep now.

There are so many parts of that game on Grounded that made me want to break something. "
"I find I have this problem with a lot of games I want to replay.

I'll go through my game library and right as I'm about to replay a really great game, I'll start thinking of all the little sections that I hated about it, and those negative feelings overwhelm my initial positive feelings for the game and I end up not playing anything. 
"
"The forced stealth section in Legend of Zelda: Wind Waker, near the beginning of the game. Link loses his sword and is forced to sneak around this fortress, hiding from Moblins and walking around in barrels. It is slow and tedious, but worse of all it doesn't contribute to tutorializing the game. There really isn't anywhere else in Wind Waker where you need to be stealthy or hide in barrels to get through.

Whenever I replay WW, I wish I could just jump straight passed this level and get to sailing around the world."
"I hate Lost Izalith in Dark Souls. 

And World 5-2 in Demon's Souls

I never want to start a new game in Wind Waker because I remember I'll have to go through Forsaken Fortress (which isn't actually that hard but I just don't want to do it again)

Going to definitely agree with the other person who said that the end of Metro 2033 is terrible. Because it is. Those slimes suck majorly.

Also I never did finish VtM: Bloodlines because the bosses at the end were really difficult. And I played the game for the roleplaying, not the combat."
"I have no idea why that particular level reached memetic status. It's a breeze, you just have to be the right distance away from the train and Big Smoke will have great aim. I usually finish the mission right at the start of the tunnel.

The GTA levels I remember most for being incredibly annoying are the RC helicopter mission and the one where you race in an Admiral and the other guy had a Sabre Turbo (both Vice City)."
"I thought we turned a corner last gen with the rise of online stores, the Virtual Console and backwards compatibility on every system. This generation has made clear that the focus on preserving games ebbs and flows based on favourable market conditions. Hopefully P.T. has struck a chord with people - the game industry's disposable mentality is at odds with its demand for cultural relevance."
"It may not be a level exactly but a game mechanic that just pisses me off to no end and makes me hate playing the game. 

Automatic fail stealth missions, get spotted and it's a game over. God I hate that shit so much. "
"Peragus and to a lesser extent Telos in Kotor 2, Taris in Kotor. The rest of those games are great, but whenever I want to replay them the thought of having to do those planets again dissuades me. Also Tien's Landing in Jade Empire."
"FF IV: That's when you give the interesting Cecil as your crappy Rosa comesinto play, you give him a bow, throw him in the back, throw on some leather or equivelant armor, and remove Yang's claws.  The fights aren't too hard when you have 4 active members."
"**Super Mario Sunshine**: The river-ride bonus level. You needed to ride Yoshi over 3-4 slow moving ferries to get to a pipe on an island. Once in the level, if you missed a single coin on the course, you needed to repeat the entire 15-minute process for another attempt. Upon realizing that you needed to ride the ferries after every attempt, I put the game down and never looked back."
"There's a certain Flood-centric level in each of the first three Halos that I try to avoid as much as possible: The Library (Halo), Quarantine Zone (Halo 2), and Cortana (Halo 3). I find fighting the Flood to be more of a chore than entertainment."
"To this day, I have not completed the one where you have to shoot down the RC planes with the mini-gun on top of the roof. It is fucking impossible man!"
"IIrc the spawners were intended to spit out one and only one blob, but it bugged and they would shit out many blobs. I did it on ranger hardcore, but. I had to use all the pristine ammo I had been saving for so long q_q"
Nothing seems particularly off there. People complain about bad events and bad patch changes. You don't see any personal insults or the like. 
The whole point of that area is that you're not supposed to kill them... you're even told how to complete that segment via stealth by the game.
"But it is turn based in that every 6 seconds constitutes a round, and your character acts in their 3 seconds and the enemy character acts in their 3 seconds. It doesn't automatically stop the action every turn, but the sides take turns taking actions."
Destiny could have released with both of their current DLC's still a part of the game and it wouldn't have changed much.
"You also get all the hidden skill points you would've got by playing through it.

Still, I feel there are some cool moments in there but not enough to warrant an hour+ of tedious puzzle solving."
"Vampire the masquerade: bloodlines. 

The sewer level. This is one of my favorite games of all time, but holy shit that sewer level was poorly thought out. It's so convoluted and long, with constant combat the whole time, which isn't good, since combat is the weakest part of the entire game. I wouldn't blame anyone for quitting the game here on their first run through. I've played the game so many times I can make it through the sewer in like 15 minutes, but I remember my first time, it took me like two hours, plus I had to look up a guide so I could figure out which of the 10 identical tunnels full of hand monsters I was supposed to be going down. It's not even difficult, it's just tedious and frustrating. 

It just baffles me that this is the same team that put together the best haunted house level ever made earlier in the same game. "
"This video really helps highlight the clusterfuck that is tech patents. It is incredible how many patents are filed on just vague ideas without any tangible proof of concept or intent to develop the idea. These patents are filed, seemingly, just to cash in on any aspiring developer with the means to push the product to market. This is probably also the only reason Nintendo won a couple of these cases."
"**Orcs Must Die 2!**

I've been playing a ton of this with a friend of mine over the last week or so. Now, I'm not normally that into tower defense games. The last one I can remember playing and enjoying was Kingdom Rush on my phone. I don't really have anything against the genre, it's just never really drawn me in that much.

I am HOPELESSLY addicted to OMD2 though. It's got an extremely charming atmosphere, reflected through the graphical style, dialogue, and traps, that keeps the game fresh where other tower-defense games might get stale. It's got a ton of content, including all the levels from the first game and a bunch of different game modes that can be played solo or coop. The currency system of the game, skulls, can be used to upgrade your traps and it feels rewarding to get new skulls without ever feeling particularly grindy. 

I just wish there were more traps, trinkets, and weapons. The ones that are there are fun but I quickly found myself using a set amount of traps that worked in any given situation and just sticking with those. Some of them are really just objectively worse than others, so there's no real reason to take them along into levels.

Overall, I'm seriously loving the game. "
You're supposed to stealth past them by looking at them with a weapon drawn and backing up. You can even sprint past most encounters with them.
I really hope P.T.'s code has been saved somewhere secure. That's too good of a game to vanish forever.
"On a Rail from the original Half-Life. Complete trash section through and through. I'm glad that Black Mesa cut that section down a bunch, although I'm not sure if the paid version added it back or not."
"It's all about asserting your dominance with the librarians.

You keep staring them in the eyes. When they start getting angry, take a step back but keep staring. They'll calm down and leave, but just in case keep staring. There is no need to kill them."
"The boss battles in Deus Ex Human Revolution. The rest of the game was really good, but because of the bosses I lost the motivation to complete the game."
"Getting the Nintendo coin in DK64. It's such a pain to get because I suck at the arcade game, which is a shame because Dk64 is one of my favorite games."
"I feel like both games have rather simplistic storylines, but where Warframe gets it right, surprisingly, Destiny gets it wrong. 

Warframe has no official ""campaign"" mode; you play through the planets with match-made groups, hoping to progress to the boss and eventually, the next planet. As such, there's not a huge demand for a story, and playing the levels out of context doesn't feel like you're jumping into a story that's halfway through. 

However, there *is* a story to Warframe, and it's a pretty interesting one, especially if you know the context provided by Dark Sector. The idea of what remains of humanity divided into ideologies at war with one another, and the Tenno who awaken to stop them, feels like it works to make each player take on their role as a Tenno. Everyone is a member of this race, how you fight is up to you. 

Comparatively, Destiny, while more visually impressive, with better actors (no offense, DE_Rachel) and likely a far bigger set of writers, has a story that feels hollow and nearly lifeless. There are characters that don't serve a purpose greater than giving you ""stuff"" (The Speaker, The Stranger, etc.), and characters that talk at you about a story you'd rather be playing than hearing (Ghost, Speaker). The enemies aren't very fleshed out story-wise (they're all evil because they took over Earth... and that's about it, no other motivations). Additionally, everyone gets the same ""you are the ONLY hero"" campaign, so all collaboration seems wrong. If *you're* the only hero, but so is everyone else, then why have the ""open world shooter"" concept in the first place? 

It all comes together to feel like there was a great deal of potential, but it was either lost or cut out to be sold in pieces to the player. Comparatively, Warframe has a free update every few months that has, at least in the past year or so, expanded to contain a new Frame, several new weapons, and new missions (or at least new tilesets, new gametypes, or new bosses) that expand on the already more interesting story than Destiny's. 

**TL;DR:** Warframe has a stronger story, better updates, and has realised its potential far more than Destiny has."
"Oh god, I had flashbacks from the traumatic experience I suffered as a kid on this level just by reading your post. I think I've spent a whole 2-3 days of my vacation incessantly trying to clear it."
"Cortana in Halo 3, due it it being host for one of the worst design decisions I've ever seen: when either Gravemind or Cortana talk to you, your perspective goes all screwy and you slow down. For no reason. I HATE that."
"I remember that water tomb level in Assassin's Creed II really pissing me off. It had everything that ever annoyed me in 3D platformers - a totally unpredictable camera that always left you leaping in the wrong direction, a timed obstacle course complete with a long walk/swim back to the start when you failed, and rubbish swimming bits. At least the rest of the game managed to avoid all that."
That level in GTA San Andreas where you have to save madd dogg from jumping off the roof. I didnt know there was a bug that made him jump as soon as the mission starts because I used more than 500 cheat codes. Still never finished it.
Tutorial levels. The amount of hand holding games do today drive me to quit games after just starting them. Best example is Ni No Kuni. 3 hours for a tutorial ? Fuck off. 
"Fire temple isn't too bad. Here are some tips that may help. Whenever you see navi fly into empty space and turn green, play either the song of time or the scarecrow's song. This will cause a block to appear or a scarecrow you can hookshot too. Also, don't forget you can hookshot to any wooden object, meaning crates, chests, and standing lanterns. This will be important. Finally, you should try to get the fire arrows before you start the temples. They can be found as an adult at lake hylia by shooting an arrow at the rising sun from the island platform. They are not necessary though. Any puzzle involving lanterns can be solved using din's fire and normal arrows."
"That ""mushroom"" (Blackreach) cave on Skyrim. I spent almost 1 hour looking for the Crimson Nirnroots... boring."
"Also, almost every mission in the story was ""follow this guy"" ""listen in on their conversation (which means follow)"" or ""follow this guy and kill these other dudes while not being seen."" So many instant failure states really bogged down the game. I just wanted to wade through enemies with my swords, but that would've been fun."
"The cave in Metal Gear Solid 3.  It's dark, confusing, and I always find myself lost.  It also ends with my least favorite boss fight in the game.  Just not very fun at all."
I thought Fallout 3 had amazing metro levels. You had small tunnels with turns to hide enemies that rushed you. You also had larger areas with two tiers so enemies can shoot down at you or you can get the drop on them. Probably the scariest those games got was in the tunnels.
"Been awhile since I played it, but I do remember almost quitting in Jak 2 on the mission where you fight your way out of the docks."
"I agree, act 3 the jungle part was something I always dreaded. Everything deals so much damage are quick and (mostly) range."
"His definition of failure is explained right in his comment and is a reasonable one, but sure whatever suits your argument."
"Shao Kahn is a bitch. A straight bullshit wizard.

I think I have only beaten him with a few of my favorite characters and I gave up. Watched the rest of the character endings on youtube."
"The first planet on Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic.  

I beat the game, loved it, but every time I think about going back and playing the game again I remember how long that tutorial planet was and play something else."
"Destiny becomes a grind almost immediately, the campaign missions are so similar it might as well be the same one over and over again."
"**Star Wars: The Force Unleashed**

The level where you have to bring down the star destroyer, which ironically is what got a lot of people interested in the game. The controls are frustratingly terrible and if you don't move fast enough, endless waves of TIE fighters come to shoot you and stop you from moving the star destroyer down. While you take care of the TIE fighters, the star destroyer slowly moves back into place. I spent what must have been an hour on that one portion of the level. Great game otherwise."
"Even the devs have admitted Cortana was a mistake. I tried doing a mythic run of the level a few years ago, and got completely decimated.

But it was a damn good looking level, at least."
"Project Cars. I am a sim racer. I own a wheel, I own tons of racing games and sims.

Project Cars is the first sim that comes with the whole package. Usually sims focus on one aspect: Ai, physics, tyres, multiplayer or a specific set of cars. But ProjectCars has more than just one of these aspects. The AI is absolutely lovely (the best I've ever seen in a racing game/sim), the graphics are great, tons of vehicles and a great selection of tracks, the physics are good and tyres also play an important role. Plus, we have day/night and weather. Hell, even endurance racing is in there. You could do a full 24h of LeMans if you wanted to (yes, there is an achievement for that).

Everything about this game seems like the people creating it wanted to make racing fun. There is no bullshit like unlocks or a career in which you are a nobody trying to become the next Michael Schuhmacher. You can do what ever you want. Yes, you can work your way up from karts to formula c,b and a or you could just start with formula a. 

This game is about racing. And it has everything I expect from a racing game."
"Super Meatboy. 

Levels that are hard? Ha, I came here for them. 

Level that requires you to wait 7 seconds at the start of each try? Fuck you. By the Meatboy standards seven seconds is bloody eternity, half of the levels can be completed in less than that.

It doesn't even look *that* hard, to be honest, especially compared to the previous one, but downtime is a dealbreaker."
"No. The class system was a wonderful *idea* that was broken and poorly balanced from day 1. 

It's amazing how many other SWG players have their memory warped by rose tinted nostalgia. There was nothing wonderful about the pre-CU/pre-NGE combat system, or the lack of content. 10k mind buffs for everyone and 9 out of 10 players being TKM was far from wonderful. 

The game was ultimately a good roleplay toolset with an above average crafting system."
"I think the reason why some people prefer ME1s combat was because it was more RPG based, and ME marketed itself as an RPG. As you mentioned, the shooting mechanics all worked on dice-rolls, a mechanic straight from RPGs. The combat also offers more customization and upgrades as opposed to the more streamlined upgrades system in the later games.


I think the combat in ME1 did some things better and some things worse than in ME2. I liked that each character had much more powers available to them, as opposed to the three or four that each gets in ME2. I found that using powers in different ways and placing your squamates (aka cannon-fodder) in just the right locations made the gameplay feel rewarding. However, the AI in ME1 was atrocious, with ME2s being noticeably improved (though not exactly perfect). In addition, the game just doesn't have the same flow to it compared to ME1. 


Overall, I think the ME1 combat isn't any worse or better than 2's it's just different, and your preference for one over the other simply comes down to wether you prefer RPGs or action games. That said, I haven't played ME3 yet, though I've heard they brought back a few more RPG elements in that one."
"SMS has a really unforgiving checkpoint system. One of my least favorite levels is the one where you have to clean the teeth of the giant eel. The controls are criminally terrible underwater, Mario barely turns when you want him to, and the camera occasionally fucks itself behind a wall and sticks.

On top of that, since it's underwater, Mario is losing life the whole time. There are coins to restore life scattered around the level, but they are limited (so the mission is essentially timed) and way, way out the way. I hate the level every time I get to it. 

Brilliant game, imo. But it has quirks. "
"Not exactly a ""level"" in the traditional sense, but the Mothership Zeta DLC for Fallout 3 takes the cake. Almost single-handedly destroyed my interest in Fallout 3. 

Finally found the willpower to soldier through it, and I almost shed a tear of relief when I was teleported back into the sickly green wasteland, which I proceeded to spend another 50+ hours on."
"**The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion**

Man. My first TES game, and my second favourite, revisiting it for comparative reasons, to finally complete the mages guild questline, and because my PC exploded so I'm playing on my 360 - so no mods are coming into this.

I like Oblivion. It's a good game. I prefer Skyrim, I'll say it now, but Oblivion has a lot of good shit in it. It also has a lot of straight up shit in it, but it's weaved into the good shit .

Quests - Good. Really good. I usually disagree with the claim that all Skyrim quests are ""I lost my ring in a dragur cave, go get it"" but on further reflecting, it's not that that is the case, but rather everything else that isn't is just lame compared to Oblivions quests. There are quests that mostly involve walking around town and talking to NPCs. There are some quests that involve puzzles (that are more than match the pictures). Stuff like that pushes Oblivions quests to be way better than Skyrim's, by far. I found a new quest that I had never done before. I was approached by a woman in the street who asked me to visit her house, turned out it was housing vampire hunters who recruited me to track down a vampire, go to his house, snoop around and find a note, go to where note says he'll be, talk to him, turns out he isn't a vampire and it was all a trick, go to dungeon and clear out vampires and deal with bad guy. All that extra fluff makes it feel like so much more of an adventure than Skyrim. I do hope that Bethesda return to form on their quest design. I'm fine with the radiant ""clear this dungeon"" quests for repeateable guild tasks and bounties, but it shouldn't be the basis for an entire guild and all the side quests in the game. Speaking of guilds, they're great. Well paced and fun, unique quests with good rewards. I hate, absoloutely hate - The Winterhold College questline, because it is utter shit and it had potential to be cool. Having bases all over the place is a nice touch, makes you travel round and stuff. You actually get a bonus for being in the guilds as well, you can buy stuff from them, after finishing the Fighters Guild/DB you get a steady stream of income, and the Thieves' Guild lets you pay off your bounties remotely which is nice.

Combat - Is floaty, tedious and poorly balanced. This ties into the god awful leveling system they use, for which people who don't know, scales 1 to 1 in most cases - so you will find bandits at level 2 when your level 2, and level 12 when your level 12. What this means it that most enemies are absoloute damage sponges, especially seeing how all high damage spells have insane magicka costs, weapon damage is tied to fatigue (I like the principle, but I don't think it'll work in a TES game) and bows are utter worthless. Magic scaling is terrible, I've been playing a mage for the record, so I've got first hand experience with this. Spells from illusion are utter useless, seeing how they only affect up to a certain level, and that is usually around level 3 which you will quickly leave behind. Skyrim had level scaling for illusion as well, but you could increase it's affects with perks and dual casting, and it had a higher range of affected levels. Sure you can make a custom spell (and I'll get to that in a bit) but it will be useless in a few levels anyway, provided you can even cast it in the first place. The weapons feel kind of fluffy, more like nerf swords than anything - again, Skyrim has this same issue, but it felt better with Skyrim, because of graphics and sound design and small details like that which make it more tolerable. Bows I don't even want to talk about. I'll just link [this](https://youtu.be/JqxftoqiwM0?t=7m19s)

Stealth - Sneaking itself is weird. Enemies can see you in the pitch darkness when your not moving. But for some reason they don't notice at all when an arrow flies right in front of them. I even had one time where a bandit didn't see me hiding behind a pillar even though I had a light spell cast on me... In general, Stealth AI is kind of crap, though it has been and probably always will be in TES games, they should get Arkane to do those parts. Also lockpicking -  based on player skill rather than character skill, so there really is no need to focus on it as a skill.

Magic - Lot's of magic affects. Lots. So many in-fact that your spellbook will be incredibly overcrowded. There are mods to fix that on PC, but no such luck for me I'm afraid. On one-hand, lots of spells means lots of versatility which is great, I can have shields for specific types of magical damage, I can breath underwater or walk on it. I can detect life, see in the dark or just light up the place. On the other hand, some spells are generally useless eg. Burden spells, because they only burden by about 50 points at most, and that is nothing to an NPC. People often talk about making super-powerful custom spells, but that's once your basically done with the game, and mundane stuff will do - but it's probably still fun to mess around with. I'm not sad over the loss of spell-crafting honestly, it's main function is to upgrade your spells, but I'd rather have perks to handle that for me. Oh, also - Conjuration in Oblivion is great because of the huge variety of stuff. You can summon skeletons, zombies, ghosts, scamps, dremora, daedroth... list goes on. Skyrim just had the atronachs, dremora and raising undead - which should is lacking in comparison.

NPCs - Radiant AI is awful, but interesting. Good way to get rumours around to the player, but the execution is kind of sloppy and kind of takes you out of the game. It is hillarious though. Combat AI in general is annoying, especially against spell-casters (who I am fighting lots in the Mages Guild) - they do this thing where they cast a spell then immediately run away and they're a pain in the ass to hit and the animation makes it look really disjointed, thankfully fixed in Skyrim. Conversation pie is a stupid idea, but I kind of like the mini-game 'cause I'm weird. Having to get NPCs to like you is a better system than just a static skill check for everything. Conversation wise, you can go into face-to-face conversation with most NPCs, you can ask for rumours, directions (from guards) or about the city they're in, or on specific topics that get mentioned. It's an alright system honestly. Because NPCs only offer generic lines when you pass by them, you avoid the thing where every NPC tells you their life story for walking 2 feet near them. The actual conversation with them is always a little one sided though, little opportunity to roleplay or what-ever.

World - Beautiful world despite graphics. Too many steep cliffs though. Travelling through the world is kind of boring though, I usually walk or use carriages, but because I just fast-travel in Oblivion because horses are so tedious, and running every where is kind of lame. Might be the environment honestly, pretty samey forest/plains for the most part.

"
"Same here, my worst gaming instincts paid off immensely in that final section. Whereas most people ran out of ammo constantly having to shoot the slimes and the spawners I had an ample supply of the high grade stuff I've been hoarding since the start of the game."
"The Cortana mission in Halo 3 is what made me realize how incredibly important FoV sliders are. During the mission there are several parts where Gravemind seems to be speaking to Master Chief directly, what happens is the camera pulls back and movement slows down. When the effect ends the camera pulls back in and gameplay returns to normal.

What's actually happening is the FoV is temporarily increased. When the camera pulled back (FoV increased), I could actually see everything around me. When the camera zoomed back in (FoV decreased), I realized how little I was actually seeing. It was like when the camera was pulled back, that was how the field of view should have always been. When it zoomed back in, it felt like Master Chief's head was stuck on a pole and extended about five feet in front of his actual body. Lean your head forward like a hunchback to get an idea of what I'm talking about, but multiply what you see by about five.

From then on anytime I played Halo 3 I felt like I had tunnel vision. I just couldn't unsee the change in FoV."
"That level is fucked. Probably the closest I've come to punching my monitor. I wanted to kill Kota after the 20th time I heard him say ""bring it down!""."
"It was fine after that point, but my god that was a drag. Was it FF13 the game that had like 30 hour tutorial?"
"First playthrough I speedran the entire lava level... and in my current file I payed 30 humanity to Quelaag's sister for the shortcut route. Totally worth it. Plus, you can save Solaire."
"Dead Space, asteroid mass driver part.

Any time I think of playing that game again I stop when I remember it."
"Jesus, those missions. I came into this thread with nothing that I really viewed as personal 'water temple' level. I guess I just blocked it out.

It took me weeks to finally finish off his bullshittery. I got really, really good at flying those fucking RC planes."
"There are numerous ways to make the cave easier. I loved that it forced me to be creative. Shit, that whole game forced creativity and thinking out of the box. "
"Killer Croc's lair in Batman: Arkham Asylum. A Metroidvania-style game with equal emphasis on beat-em-up and stealth, suddenly turns tedious and confusing. Gameplay is replaced with slowly walking to not disturb Croc, and simply throwing a batarang at him when he surfaces. "
"The definition of a failure is an MMO going f2p only a few months after launch when it was supposed to bed a subscription game. The game sold a ton of boxed copies and retained almost none of those players as subscribers. 

It's not a failure in that it lost tons of money, but it performed way way way below expectations "
"Those ""secret cave"" levels made me shed so many tears. The platformer ones where you lost Fludd. It must have taken me two whole years to finish that game. Looking back, it was an amazing games, but I hated those levels so much. "
"I'd say gathering the eggs is far more annoying, at least on the first playthrough. If you don't have very many bottles you have to make so many damn trips back to the tank. So boring."
Is this for current gen consoles? I would consider revisting if there were significant content additions or extra hidden secrets to find. Dishonored was one of my favorite games of the last 5 years with some great level design and freedom of movement. They did a great job of making Dunwall feel full of history when you read into the in game books and had a good bunch of great memorable characters. Not to mention the art style was absolutely gorgeous.
Cortana wouldn't be so bad if everything didn't just look the same. I swear you go through the same tunnels and drops like five times before making any headway in it.
"Metal Gear Solid 2, the swimming scenes when you're going to rescue Emma. I hate swimming levels at the best of times in games, but fuck me it seems to be even worse in MGS2. It's probably one of, if not my favourite game of all time, but every time I replay it I get frustrated at it. It's not even hard, the controls are just so finicky and the parts where you can fit through the debris are so badly shown."
Funny. AC was supposed to be a stealth game. If a stealth mission is feeling forced in *that* game then you know something's gone horribly wrong.
I'm pretty sure they will add nothing. They'll basically just making the game running at 1080p/60fps... like they do for half the games released on current gen consoles so far.
"**Metal Gear Solid:** There's a section where you need to use a temperature-sensitive keycard. While not ""difficult"" in the traditional sense, it involves a lot of backtracking and standing around. It's a neat idea on paper, but in practice it's extremely tedious.

**Star Fox 64:** Any mission with the land rover. That thing sucked, I hated using it. Its only saving grace was that its use was restricted to the easy route. The submarine was also bad, but not as bad as the land rover.

**Legend of Zelda - Ocarina of Time:** It's just a minor issue, but I don't much care for the convoluted process of entering Jabu-Jabu's belly. You first have to obtain the Silver Scale, something which seems appropriate for a water themed level if not for the fact you don't have to dive anywhere inside of Jabu-Jabu. What the scale is actually used for is obtaining a Letter in a Bottle at the bottom of Lake Hylia. The letter is supposedly written by Princess Ruto, but when confronted about it she denies having anything to do with it. The whole quest chain just feels like the hacked up remains of what was supposed to be something bigger."
"In Rogue Squadron 1, the fourth level where you play with a snowspeeder plane. It was a super dark city, and our CRT monitor kind of sucked, so I couldn't see a damn thing. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCzu9WHa6uE

Eventually I still managed to kill almost everything on the mission, but then the AT-AT Walker appeared and started blasting some building. 

I hadn't seen the actual star wars movie that had speeders use a cable to trip it, nor did I understand enough english to get the clue ""USE YOUR HARPOONS AND TOW CABLES"". It took me 4 years to get past that level. I solved it when I got so pissed once I just started mashing buttons and I hit the one that activated the harpoon and flipped the camera into weird spinny mode D:

And then I got stuck on mission 7. The next snowspeeder mission, with all the fucking canyons. I knew what to do, but maneuvering was just freakin hard D:

Edit:

looked at vid.

Apparently shooting the head kills it.

My entire life is a lie."
"Fuck yes this. DK64 is one of my favourite games as well, and I actually did the 101%. But good lord having to get that coin to enter the final boss was the stupidest thing I've ever seen. Wanna get to the last part of the game? Sorry, you have to go to level 3, find the damn arcade, and finish it. And you better have the internet because we're not telling you that. Also fuck the arcade."
"Yeah they kinda fixed this in the Directors Cut, pick it up on the next Steam sale and you should find it easier as the boss battles have been reworked - check [this](http://gaming.stackexchange.com/questions/137386/whats-different-in-deus-ex-human-revolution-directors-cut) for more information."
"**Pokemon Emerald**: the excessive water routes towards the end of the game. It is an amazing game until then, but I have to force myself to just knock all those water routes out at once in a long marathon.

**Borderlands 2**: The Road to Sanctuary. Basically from Boom Bewm up until you get to Sanctuary. I am so sick of those levels.

**Crimson Skies: High Road to Revenge**: The lost city labyrinth. It's so dark you can't see anything and it requires very precise flying to be even close to possible.

**KotOR II**: There is a good Skip Peragus mod but I haven't found a Skip Telos mod.
"
"Worst part of the AC series were some of the hidden ruins, especially the ones where you had to finish quickly for 100% synch, all it took was one mistake or to be dry fucked by a shitty camera angle and it's basically back to the start."
"Psychonauts: Meat Circus, Big Top area

Everything in this game was great up until this fucking level. Every level preceding trained you on how to use your powers to overcome various obstacles. But then Big Top. FUCK! You'd faced timed levels before but now you only had 30% of the time. If you fucked up one jump, bounce, or rope wall scramble, you get to start over from the beginning. Almost no margin for error.

Then to top it all off, with the added time crunch, the level designers added an all new mechanic for you mid way through. You don't get to practice. You just get to die. A lot. So it's:

rush, rush, rush, platform, rush, platform... for 6 minutes, new mechanic! fail.

start over.

rush rush, die.

start over.

rush, rush, rush, platform, rush, platform... for 6 minutes, new mechanic! fail.

start over.

rush, rush, rush, platform, die.

start over...for hours

Then after days of trying to get this right, you finally get it, The next level is the final boss and you never use the mechanic. Just the 6 or so times in Big Top area. That's it. Stupid, stupid, stupid.

"
"The Water routes are just aggravating, they are the reason for picking up dozens of repels, the only good thing is that you can easily  skip all the damn trainer battles there."
Dark Souls: [Those FUCKING giant arrow archers in Anor Londo.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDG548OhoDI)
"Being unfamiliar with the franchise the first time I played Fallout 3, I accidentally entered this DLC very early in the game (I was level 3 or 4) and not wanting to have to reset everything I forced myself to struggle through it.  I only survived it by quick saving every time I killed or even damaged something without getting killed. The payoff was nice when I finally finished it though because I was level 18 or something and had whatever the talking/stealth/special armor set was in that DLC."
"That's got me wondering it they'd port their gamebyro/creation engine game(s) up a generation, possibly as a prototype for following games. 

I wish they'd take that engine out behind the shed, but they've been using it since 2002 so it wouldn't surprise me if they continued using it."
"I'm happy they're adding characters, but what possessed them to do this at this point in time? Why not in 5? Don't get me wrong, I *loved* 4. I'm just confused. You don't often hear of companies adding new content to older games."
Anything where I get chased or timed. Ever. I cannot stand that mechanic in any game. It just stresses me out and makes me want to get the damned level over with.
"As pessimistic as this is, its probably the correct sentiment.

No one has really ""remastered"" shit with those releases. They just do 1080p 60 fps bump up port with all the dlc and charge 60 bucks for games that are a couple years old.

I don't think any of them have actually added new content to play or actually rebuilt their engine with a superior version except Metro and MCC. And the Master Chief collection still doesn't work properly.
 
So we just get 1080p 60fps at 60 bucks for something we can get for like ten to twenty bucks just a little less pretty.


 "
"Yeah, I played a sneaky, silencer-totting Grayson. To say that the first boss battle felt a bit like hitting a brick wall was an understatement. Luckily stealth gives better rewards so by the second and third bosses I was decked out a bit better (though it still took many attempts)."
You are not alone. I've always been confused when every man and his dog complains about the zero missions. Maybe lots of people are just aerodynamically challenged or something? I don't think I ever failed a single zero mission even after multiple times playing through the game.
"A live debate vs a trade group that won a Supreme Court case and supported video games in museums in the past, particularly the Smithsonian and MOMA?

Good luck.

Unfortunately for most media, copyright laws are overprotective and that's whats the crux of this issue. The loophooles that could be opened, in the eyes of publishers, are somewhat damaging and just enough for companies to shut the door."
The only way to get passed the tutorial was to eject the disc and go play literally any other Final Fantasy.
"They're testing whether it would be better to keep producing games in the DmC reboot universe, or to go back to the original DMC. DmC also had a definitive edition released recently as well, so they're likely to go with whatever sells better."
"This is the definition that mmo *players* have given failure.

Honestly planning a MMO to go f2p from the get go is a model for success. There is a core market of 1-2 million players who will buy any sufficiently hyped AAA MMO that is released. Many of these players will continue to play the game for a few months based purely on the psychological effect that they paid for it so it must be good. If you're lucky, you can pick up a few thousand more players over this time as your initial surge of content locusts finish the game and unsubscribe to move on to the next game on the horizon.

Then, you go F2P and open your doors to a huge mass of new players. The F2P market is much larger than it used to be, and the pay to play market is much smaller than it used to be. It's very difficult to compete with free, especially when free makes more money than you do and thus has a bigger budged. Players quickly forget the annoyances brought on by microtransactions as they move on to the next game that 'won't be like that.'

The obvious business model to make the most money is to exploit those 1-2 million players with a box price. Hold onto a subscription fee for as long as it takes for them to get tired of whatever content you've got, and then open it up to the new market who would otherwise never play it because they only play free games."
"Dark Souls 2 changed enemy placements and added some new content.

Also Devil May Cry 4 Special Edition  adds loads."
"I actually really enjoy Taris, to the extent that I've replayed KOTOR a fair few times just so I can run around Taris for a bit, but I can see how it would feel very constraining in an RPG. I agree with you on Peragus though; for an opening area, that should have given you a sense of excitement for things to come, it was such a god damn drag. "
"Haha that would be because staring at them doesn't scare them away - you keep staring and they will get territorial if i recall correctly. You stare at them while you back off around a corner before they get aggressive with you, and then you dart it till you get your next heart attack staring death into his eye sockets once again. 

Repeat until you're out. "
"That's why as time has gone on MGS3 has slowly surpassed MGS2 and MGS1 in my mind. I still love all the cool modern and freaky shit in MGS2 (even the bright orange setting) and of course MGS1's atmosphere is unbelievable but from a purely gameplay perspective 3 has a lot going on with the camo and food systems and the overall level design is much less linear and there's half a dozen ways to go through each room. I remember challenging myself to go through and knock out everyone without getting caught once. It's a great game.

I would love a remake with hi-res graphics someday, it would be beautiful. And an on-the-fly camo and food system, I didn't think the menu was as jarring as some people say but it could have used a little work I think."
"&gt; That's got me wondering it they'd port their gamebyro/creation engine game(s) up a generation, possibly as a prototype for following games. 

Considering the engine isn't properly multi-threaded (it only uses a single core and offloads extra stuff to a second). It would run very poorly with the slow CPU cores in the XB1/PS4.

I imagine it would require significant work to make it multi-threaded (enough not to be worth the effort) and IMO it's more likely they'll build a new engine for their next game(s).

It really does need to be taken out back and put down.

As far as Dishonored goes, it uses Unreal Engine 3 and porting it to XB1/PS4 should be easy as cake."
"As a frequent r/tribes poster the r/warframe subreddit
 is full of helpful posts and community  participation. Also you haven't gotten the CEO of your game shadowbanned. :p"
"People want more interesting content, not just more of the same but on different maps. Which basically describes Destiny as a whole. You fight of waves of enemies, and if you are lucky you get to 'defend' an invulnerable ghost while doing so.

The missions from beginning to end are pretty much all played the same way, just with different window dressing."
"Publishers don't have moral rights, they have intellectual property rights. Money shouldn't have anything to do with control over their intellectual property. The same principle is what allows people to release software for free and keep the software free. And that's a good thing.

The better argument for the preventing the owner of software from destroying or otherwise making the software inaccessible (including games) is that it is of public interest to preserve the software. As soon as a person publishes their software, it enters the realm of public interest for preservation. It's like an MMO having control to shutdown the servers, but not update the game client to delete itself."
"*Edit: Holy shit I didn't realize how long this post ended up being after writing it and posting it. TL;DR: Dark Souls 1 community was one the very best and most mature communities I've encountered for any game, up until it reached its peak popularity which caused an influx of bad, immature players who more or less ruined traditional PvP with rampant hacking.*

That's like the Dark Souls 1 community before DSII. Every forum on the game I visited was full of generally mature and very friendly people, who would go out of their way to help you with a particular boss/area that people would get stuck on.

Hell, it got to the point that people who were in the Darkwraith covenant (the primary 'evil' PvP covenant where you invade other people's worlds to kill them and advance in rank in the covenant for specific rewards), would randomly go around invading and do something called ""Gift-wraithing"". They would invade someone, and if they seemed to be a newer player that was just trying to get through a level to the boss, they would drop them nice items or upgrade materials, etc., and then either go jump off a ledge or let the invaded player kill them just to give him/her additional Souls (what you need to level up your player, and also the currency of the game).

I used to do that, and would always get friend requests and mail saying things like ""THANK YOU SO MUCH!!"" etc. and it was just a nice feeling.

Dark Souls is one of those rare games in which the first playthru (without using a strategy guide or walkthrough) is by far and away the most amazing gaming experience I've ever had. And many other players felt that way as well. For me, in a sense, to see a new player with low-level gear making his way through the incredibly daunting, massive, and at times breathtakingly beautiful world, it would invoke this sense of nostalgia, and it would make me smile just to see that someone else was experiencing the same thing.

Mind you, the game could be so difficult that it would invoke rage in the player, and a lot of people would simply return the game because they thought it was unfairly hard or 'cheap'. In fact, it was the opposite of that (**EXCEPT FOR THE BED OF CHAOS BOSS, FUCK THAT**), where just about every death is due to a mistake of the player, forcing one to learn from your mistakes and approach the game in a cautious, patient manner. 

The game had it's share of faults, but they were few and far between, and the massive amount of content, with so many different weapons, shields, armor, rings (that each have special effects) items, spells, with each being very unique, that there was massive replay value simply due to the creativity in different builds that you could experiment with. And aside from the amazing single player game being great, the PvP was just beyond addicting. There were some problems, like lag allowing players with bad connections to sometimes teleport behind you and land a critical hit (backstab) that was more or less beyond your control. Thankfully, it didn't happen enough to mar the experience.

There were always the cheesy, overpowered 'cookie-cutter' builds that bad players would normally use, but for every overpowered build, there was a way to counter it, and sometimes all it required was a bit of ingenuity. I could go on and on about it.

Unfortunately, about two years after the game was released, and the game reached its peak in popularity, it started to attract immature dickwads, which incidentally is right about the same time that hacking became rampant and out of control, with players invading/dueling/crashing fight clubs with invincibility hacks, hacked weapons that did ridiculous amounts of damage, hacked armor that absorbed an absurd amount of damage, or even more subtle things like more hit points than someone could possibly have at a certain level, infinite stamina, infinite spell casts, etc. all of which you would notice after fighting the cheater for a while.

On the X360, hacking got so bad that a lot of the most well respected PvPers stopped playing. 

Thankfully, on Reddit, the Dark Souls 1 subreddit is still full of nice people who are more than happy to help. Other popular boards on other sites more or less transformed into what you would expect from 14 year old Call of Duty players."
"But Warframe is free and destiny is a triple A title. So in the aspect of bang for your buck, Warframe blew destiny out of the water, and I think that is the core of the page how can a f2p game, even come close to competing with a game with a buget of millions of dollars?  "
for fucks sake.... does anybody even want this??? Probably could have done a big chunk of Dishonored 2 by now considering the original came out 3 years ago.
"I agree that is likely Capcom's plan, but I'm not sure it's a fair test given the age of DMC4... even if the extra content for it is both considerable and very welcome.

While I was pleasantly surprised at how decent the reboot was, there's no comparison in my mind to the original series, and I know I'm not alone in feeling that way.  Fans have spoken quite clearly that they prefer the original setting, characters, and gameplay over that of the reboot, regardless of how well this sells.

Predicting Capcom's whims is nearly impossible."
"From what i have read of developer interviews, the ending was a shadow of what it was supposed to be in both technical and narrative aspects. They just didn't have the time to create an ending that lived up to the more complex themes that were explored earlier in the game.  

In regards the dialogue options being weirdly limited in the context of the themes explored in the narrative: I'm pretty sure this was a very conscious decision in the design of the game narrative. Think about that tension between what you're being told by the characters and what the light/dark dichotomy forces you to do. As you blindly follow choices to maximize your dark/light score, watch as you piss off some of your crew members and stifle the growth of a relationship, or end up paying money to slavers in order to rescue someone. Is this really the best thing you could be doing in this situation? How does Jedi/Sith ideology actually play out in the ""real"" world?  

At one point the game explicitly shows you a character getting beaten up because you helped him, ending up worse off in the end. It's explicitly telling you that blind adherence to a set if beliefs, no matter how right/just/correct they seem, is at best naive and at worst harmful. It's a deconstruction of the whole light/dark side idea, and it's really damn interesting when you're playing it with that understanding.  

It's also quite frustrating in places; you can't actually express a pragmatic or ""force neutral"" approach to the game in a lot of situations, you're stuck with Jedi and Sith choices and you can see exactly how pointless they are in the broader context. Eg going full Smith ragemonster and leaving people dead and nothing gained by anybody, or helping some beggar while the society crumbles around you."
I doubt anybody from Arcane is working on this. It's likely coming from a smaller studio that specializes in port work. 
Amusing bit I find the /r/dota2 subreddit fairly light hearted and doesn't take itself too seriously most of the time.
"Fundamentally, the problem is our ridiculous copyright terms.  With current terms, it's basically impossible to legally preserve history; we need to go back to sub-20 years so that things can enter the public domain while retaining both relevancy and availability.

Nobody begrudges creators the right to make money from their works, but nor should they have the ability to (effectively) eternally dictate their usage after they've become part of our shared culture."
"Wow this gen disappoints me even more. I enjoyed Dishonored, but no one wants a half assed port especially from Bethesda.  "
"I fell in love with this game when I started playing it. I bought it around the Winter Sale (or I bought a pack or something for $1) and I never played it until around February or March and god damn is it fun. I've got 60+ hours in it and always watch the updates with it. It's one of the best F2P games and the best early access game I have played, it feels close to being finished but it's not they're still adding so much, more maps, a forge, 2 more classes at least, more weapons, etc. I have high hopes for this game."
Nosgoth is great fun.  I'm a die-hard fan of anything related to LoK.  Here's hoping the future brings more great games set in Nosgoth.
"Yeah, fair point. If you know what to do, you can do the whole haunted house in like 5 minutes, if not faster. Just run right through it, no problem. I do the same when I replay the game. 

But the thing about it is that the game as a whole just oozes atmosphere pretty much all the way through, and it's no different for the ocean house hotel. People talk about that level because it's pretty much the only example (that I can recall) of a game capturing the atmosphere of a haunted house perfectly. By which I mean that you are trapped in a house with a malevolent presence that you cannot fight. The only thing you can do is survive it. Unexpected things happen to you. There's a mystery that you gradually unveil as to what happened in the house. Jump scares galore, etc etc. It hits all the hallmarks of haunted house stories, and it does it in a video game without out staying its welcome. That's not very common, and they pulled it off without it feeling terribly gimmicky, so people tend to remember it vividly. "
"[Here's a non-ants version of that last image.](http://i.imgur.com/QXNVwLa.jpg) I agree, it's definitely the best thing for a beginner to read."
"Once again, it's the pirates who are going to preserve it. The PS4 will be hacked at some point, and with it the game will be preserved in some form."
"I don't think it'll be half-assed, but I also don't think this game *needs* a definitive edition. It came out, what, 3 years ago, and its art style isn't something that needs fixing. It doesn't really need better textures or anything like that simply because that's how the art was designed. Maybe better lighting, 1080p/60fps, and aliasing, but besides that how much does this game really need?"
"I haven't tried Nosgoth, can someone kind of sell me on it? The video makes it seem fairly interesting, but just the idea of Nosgoth fills me with sadness. The Legacy of Kain series is one of the earliest examples of a very complex story with great voice acting. Mechanically... well, some aspects were better than others, but you never played it for the mechanics. You played it for the story, and boiling to down to a competitive F2P is just... sad.

But that doesn't mean the game has to be bad, it's just not what I wanted from the series. Is this worth putting time into? I'm intrigued by asymmetry, but not compelled."
"I also ask, what does everyone think of the game? I personally love how fresh the combat is, and how much of a challenge it is to make sure the ink stays down. This game is epic!"
"I think he summed up youtube gaming pretty well.

Caps lock your title, slap your face on the main character."
"I always though my Wii's disc light was faulty, but now I know it's supposed to flash at the frequency of some random bird. That's kind of cool, but it looks like the thing is broken in practice."
"My only real complaints against the Wii were it's lack of graphical capabilities and terrible online features. Other than these things though it wasn't that bad of a console. It had some awesome games come out for it, and not just first party titles either. And I also had a lot of fun with things like the Everybody Votes channel and such."
"I loved my Wii; I got more playtime out of it than my PS3 in their lifetimes. No More Heroes 1 &amp; 2, Mario Galaxy 1 &amp; 2, DKC Returns, Mario Kart, The Last Story, Xenoblade, Metroid Prime and all the Virtual Console stuff. "
"My biggest issue was aiming. I normally do inverted y-axis, but this game I can never get my brain to pick inverted or non-inverted. If I had more time, I would most likely get over it.  

That price tag though? Canada eshop wants something like $73 after taxes. That's insane!  

Edit: forgot to mention I had a blast with the game, and the little mini-game was a good distraction while waiting for a game to start."
"I too couldn't believe they wanted to remove the story out of Legacy of Kain series. It seemed like the most idiotic thing you could possibly do with it. Like removing the open sandbox from GTA or the parkour from AssCreed. 

Well ignoring the connection to Legacy of Kain, i have to say it's a pretty decent or even good game. I really enjoyed the different way vampires and humans play. 

There is no pay to win element that i could notice, just stuff like faster exp and cosmetic things like skins.

Don't play this because you're a fan of Legacy of Kain series, there is nothing for you in that case. Play it if you want a decent online competitive game that costs you nothing to try.

I got bored of it after 40 or so hours. The skill level was all over the place after you leave the newbie matchmaking and i didn't have fun winning with 0 effort or dying seconds after respawning. "
I stopped playing when we got paired with nothing but high level players. Matchmaking was so broken. We would get stomped by the high levels every time. Disappointing because the game was fun.
The time to kill seems incredibly short when you factor in the ability to hide in your own ink. The enemy has no time at all to react once you pop out of your ink. Seems like it might need some adjustments.
Nosgoth was originally intended do be the multiplayer part of the game [Legacy of Kain: Dead Sun](http://legacyofkain.wikia.com/wiki/Legacy_of_Kain:_Dead_Sun) which was cancelled in 2012.
"There's two things I felt were hugely missing from this video..

1: On the topic of preserving WoW: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bnetd  Blizzard is a bad guy in all of this.  Period.

2: The fact that pirates preserved software isn't something that should be considered off limits.  Their contribution is worth preservation.  They made awesome art, music, and often added functionality to the software.  That should be considered part of the goal of preservation.

"
"DMC4 sold over ~5~ 3 million copies, DmC didn't even break 2, it sold less than Devil May Cry 2 for crying out loud and that was a PS2 exclusive. Capcom knows which ""version"" the fans want, they just want to see if were still willing to buy a Devil May Cry title after the failure that was DmC."
"There already is a [game of the year edition.](http://www.amazon.com/Dishonored-Game-Year-Edition-PlayStation-3/dp/B00F4H2N3G)

15 bucks for PS3 and Xbox and comes with all the DLC.

And you know if it comes out on next gen they are gonna charge 60 bucks. They can't begin to stop themselves or draw a line for this remastering crap."
"This is basically confirmation that they are. Why else drag this 7 year old game out and put a good amount of effort into creating new content for it? It's to get old school fans back on board after the DmC detour. 

There was also an interview with Itsuno the other day talking about the continuation of the series, and he was pushing DMC4SE as a means to get a DMC5. I'm betting it's being worked on right now and possibly since Dragons Dogma was finished - he isn't working on Dragons Dogma Online and this Special Edition isn't big enough content wise that it requires his full attention (if he's even directing it). The only other choice is DMC (or a new IP I suppose, but this is Capcom). "
"While in the selection for your weapons, there was a mini menu to turn on the inversion. The problem was my brain kept being an asshole and couldn't decide if it wanted to play inverted or not.    
I only played the first hour, but in that time I got to stage 7 I think in the minigame. That should be the first showing of the power ups.  

In the end I'm most likely picking it up. But probably at work so my discount can help take care of that price."
"I think it looks awesome for little scrappy fights, but I bet the small maps will get tiresome after a month or two.

*Yes I know more maps will come out in the future, but the initial $60 price tag seems a bit much."
"The problem with hiding in your own ink to kill people is that that is time that could be spent spreading your ink.  The goal isn't to get kills, so time spent not spreading your ink is time wasted really"
"I had a lot of fun even though i played most of my games with terrible people. I suck at shooters and i always managed to get first in my team because people couldn't understand the game is based on painting the map not killing.

Overall the game is very fun and i found it pretty balanced, unless you play against 3-4 rollers. Also the splattershot subweapon and special are pretty bad."
"That is an insane amount of talent. 


Not only do you have veteran great voice actors like North, Strong, and Baker, but also Mike from Breaking Bad has an amazing voice. And I do like Ashley Greene as Barbara. I think it'll work well."
"People play the same maps in multiplayer games anyway, be it tribes, tf2, cod, counterstrike...I think I played dustbowl a thousand times."
"Judging from what happened to PictoChat and SwapNote, they're probably terrified that someone would draw a penis in it, show it to an elementary schooler and the incident would make the news."
"It could very well be. I think something leading on to that, is that they need to fix super jump spawning kills. You can see where the enemy super jumps to, so it's basically an insta-death if you start shooting before they arrive. I should know, I used that tactic to kill so many enemy players. Might be better if there's an invulnerability period right when you spawn jump. And if you spawn jump into newly covered enemy ink, it'll put you at the closest available empty/team inked spot.

That, or they can just take away the ability to see where the enemy is jumping to!"
I'm pretty sure that's how it's supposed to work. You're putting yourself at a risk to try to cover a lot of ground. It's not meant to be a risk-free global teleport
"Yeah but in the first battle OP just spawn killed everyone. So while he was getting all the kills and keeping the other team from advancing, his team was inking the map."
"Yeah but that's on them more than it is game design, if somebody is popping out at you from the ink repeatedly (and OP always did it from right below the ramp so they should know he is there), then you have to adapt.  It's not like they had no options, you can still be shot while in squid form"
"I'm willing to bet its more to do with pricing and product distribution than actual regional locking, probably some management/development/workflow too since Nintendo seems to start with Japan and end with Europe/PAL regions - Combining those into a universal releases might take a bit organisational reworking. "
"It seems like Trish borrows moves from both Dante + Virgil, with a slightly lower skill barrier. It should be really interesting seeing how these new characters go in career.  I'd love to see Trish take on a Blitz - I wonder how the lightning moves factor in."
"It's a common theme with smaller competitive games. That has nothing to do with matchmaking being broken necessarily, but entirely to do with a smaller playerbase. Countless games run this cycle.

Small core group of players who enjoy game, get very good at game

-&gt;

Game gets a little bit of recognition, people start trying it out.

-&gt;

Core players start getting faster matches (Yay for them!) but are matched with newbies. Proceed to devour newbies.

-&gt;

Newbies quit, leaving core players.

-&gt;

Core players eventually quit because games take forever to get into and are lopsided when they get them.

-&gt;

Game dies.

It's happened many times already, and it's a tremendously unfortunate cycle with no real solution."
Take a look at some of the contracts regarding regional distribution and the kind of clauses and restrictions in place but keep a gun handy 'cause you'll want to blow your fucking brains out.
"It's been done in Saints Row 3, probably 4 as well, haven't played it. It looked like [this](http://www.primagames.com/media/files/srtt/5-027.jpg)."
Mario Maker to me seems like that. The font is even the same for the logo and there are several references to Mario Paint in the trailer for the game
"""We spent all this money and effort on out own conference at E3 2015. Our announcement?

We're porting Dishonored to the new consoles!""

I fucking doubt it. Sure, they might announce it at E3, but I guarentee them having their own conference will be some showcasing of the new DooM, probably announcing a second Dishonored game, and possibly announcing a new Fallout/Elder Scrolls game. That, or they have a tonne of original games to announce. Imagine if they made a game, similar to Fallout/ES, but in a futuristic, sci-fi world? Like Star Wars, or Mass Effect. But made to be explored with a tonne of shit in it like ES/Fallout. I'd drown so many puppies for something like that."
"Looks really fun but i'm not convinced it has enough multiplayer depth for the price tag... Time will tell. Shame it's only 4v4 also, how rad would a double size map and 8v8 be"
"Yeah, people don't really realise that cost of living is a lot different in different regions and want everything digital to be the same price, but  in fact, the regional pricing is often set up so that the games are even bought in some regions - Nobody would buy a 70$ game in Russia, for example.

I do think the system doesn't work that well right now, with games  costing the same in EU2 as in EU1, when EU2 is in a way worse economical situation than EU1, but *in theory*, region pricing makes sense.

^^^^^that ^^^^^still ^^^^^won't ^^^^^stop ^^^^^me ^^^^^from ^^^^^complaining ^^^^^about ^^^^^it, ^^^^^though"
"Wait so the NX is now being talked about as though it's a new console/peripheral?

Do we know if it's the next console or a handheld yet? A new console would make the competetion between Microsoft and Sony exciting again."
Historically Nintendo has tried really hard to block importing of games on top of this PAL regions also tended to end up paying more (although recent years its improved alot but not without some poking). No region locks means they'd have to go back and rethink it all.
"&gt; Nobody would buy a 70$ game in Russia, for example.

That's how nintendo games cost in Russia. There is no seperate region for Russia or CIS countries, its in EU region with EU prices."
"I was stuck here as well. I could shoot the tow cable, but when you do, the camera view changes to a fixed view. I was not skilled enough to fly the snowspeeder with that camera change, and constantly crashed. 

Luckily, the game had cheat codes, so I learned to skip ahead and ignore levels I couldn't beat."
"Wow, that's pretty shitty then. Still, if done well, region pricing would be a positive for everyone involved - People would get the games at reasonable prices and the company would get more sales. But this lazy approach makes no sense :/"
"The controls displayed on screen were bugged I seem to recall, there is a way to do it that is much easier. It tells you to push the sticks the wrong way sometimes."
"Region lock isn't just about not being to just import games from cheaper places. It's also about legal issues (e.g. nations with censorship/stricter youth protection) as well.

Region lock is bad for developers (and gamers), but good for publishers, as it reduces legal trouble for them.

For example: Star Fox 64 had to be renamed to Laylat Wars in the EU and Australia because of trademark problems. If it would be one singular global market the game would have had to be renamed globally."
"After playing GTA V Heists I know it also leads to profanity.

Any reason cooperative games also tend to attract the *least* cooperative and social people around?"
"Don't take this the wrong way, but when the hell is this game going to come out? Atlus has released like 20 trailers and an equal number of screenshot batches.

I'm as hyped as the next guy, but isn't this considered overkill?"
"Honestly, the first time running 343GS and the Library was amazing. 343GS was an excellent horror level and the Library coming up right after it just worked well to reinforce that horror by showcasing the endless flood (heh) of new enemies while you tried to escape.

But subsequent runs of the Library was just tedious after that first time, and Halo 2 and Halo 3 tried and failed to recapture what made 343GS a great level."
"Now that you mention it in Jak II i quit on that mission where you go through vins portal to the factory and then have to fight off 80 or so flying robots while you are on this railed gatling gun.

This shit is fucking impossible. I couldnt progress anymore and had to wait till a friend came over and did that level for me. Even now that i am 19 i couldnt beat it.

Jak II was also much more difficult than Jak 3.

In Jak 3 i needed a long time to beat the sattelite in the beginning (i was 8 okay) and the mission where you have to rescue the citizens in the sandstorm"
"Yeah, so, tell me about why this isn't the case in Payday 2 or most online-co-op games.  Most toxic/asshole-y communities ever. 

I think this ""research"" is flawed,     
I can understand this if they mean couch-co-op or playing with friends. But with strangers on the internet? No.         
Source: A lot of years in gaming, sure as hell more as the author.   "
"Geez you are so delusional. It looks like a solid shooter with tons of variety, tactics, great gameplay, good collectibles and extra charm to boot. Its the kind of game, like Team Fortress 2, that will stand for years."
"That's just online games, you can do whatever you want behind a mask of anonymity 

They probably studied couch coop/ playing online with friends"
"'Flooded District' In Dishonored. I know the level isn't particularly hard, but it is long, and if you're going for a no kills playthrough like I was, then it is harder.

What made it worse for me, I decided to ignore the section with Granny Rags and Slackjaw, thinking helping either would spoil my no-kills. Turns out the game counted that as a kill. This really annoyed me, ruined my entire playthrough, and made me rage quit the game for a while."
"It would be better if you own a gamepad as racing games on PC these days works well with it. 

You can play it with keyboard but it will be suboptimal. There assists that might work with keyboard but I haven't tested it. "
"People who are swimming can still be killed normally (the hitbox is pretty large, too).

You just throw a bomb or two down the stairs when you spawn, camper dead."
"My uneducated hypothesis is: Ranking and progression. Or any clear metric of success and failure, really.

Some people become assholes when other people hold power over them. This can be the power to kill them in PvP, or the power to screw up the co-op match by playing badly and diminishing everyone's reward (say, a stealth heist in Payday, a ranked match in LoL or DotA, or even a co-op campaign in Left 4 Dead that will tell you ""you lose"" and force a restart if everyone dies.)  Being an asshole is a way to counterbalance some of the power this person holds over you, by affecting them psychologically. That way, you can feel like you ""avenged"" the cause of your loss, even if the loss has yet to happen.

The story says the games used in this study were Halo: Reach and TimeSplitters. I haven't played either of these games personally, but I'm guessing they follow standard FPS conventions. You die, you respawn. You fail, you try again. You win, your only reward is the satisfaction of beating the level. There's simply no reason to be an asshole in those games; even if your co-op partner plays badly, they're not doing you any harm, real or perceived."
"June 25 for Japan. Sometime soon after for everywhere else. They know the people who are going to buy this eat up every single screenshot and trailer they put out, so they keep putting them out."
"The Art Academy series is the closest thing to a Mario Paint sequel. A cool game on the DS called WarioWare DIY had a music making program within the game. Ironically, the WarioWare series spoofed Mario Paint with Wario Paint in one of their games. 

Also, Mario Maker has elements shared from Mario Paint so you can call it a spiritual successor. "
"No doubt, but if Sony managed it under the same restrictions there's really no reason Nintendo couldn't. "
"All that's really needed is a small HDD in the gamepad, better battery life and the ability to play games without being in the vicinity of the console.  

I would take my gamepad everywhere with me if I could play games on the move."
The bit about Sony president closing his eyes is normal behavior. It's to indicate you're listening and considering.
"While I love that they managed to put in a tiny emulator for a classic Rare- and a Nintendo title, I still haven't got the second coin to be able to enter the final boss ***to this very day***. All I know is that you battle King K-Roll in a boxing ring."
"Yea, it's still a 3DS. It's a half measure to try to pick up slumping sales, it'll keep it going for another 12-18 months but it's not a replacement. There's only been 1 game exclusive to it with no others even announced."
"My only issue is then theyd have to also make it smaller and more shaped for the pockets.  However I dont want to small of a controller, even the 3DS xl isnt as comfortble as a controller for long periods of time."
"Binding of Isaac: Rebirth isn't coded in flash. It was done in C++.

Flash is also complete trash and eats memory like crazy. Edmund came out and said that they tried to get it on the normal 3DS, but it was just way too laggy."
"I have huge hands, so I totally agree with the 3DS range being uncomfortable. 

That being said, I don't mind the size of the gamepad. I'd go out of my way to carry a bag with me if need be."
"Sorry, but I really don't agree with you. I found DmC's story to be pretty awful, really, with fairly boring characters and 'topical' themes that just felt shoe-horned into a story that's actually about angels and demons. I much preferred the campy approach of the originals, and the story in DMC3 is better than that of Ninja Theory's attempt with fairly strong characters and simple enough plot that is engaging due to the sibling rivalry and Lady. DMC4 had an awful story, though.

While I like the combat of DmC, it isn't as good as the old games overall (although I haven't played the DE yet, certain fundamental things can't be fixed). Unlike others, I also didn't like the level design, which was linear (where DMC1/3 had a somewhat Resident Evil approach to progression) and basically a small step up from the level design of Bayonetta.

I feel like Capcom needs to just leave DmC to rest - Ninja Theory learned a ton from Itsuno so their next games are going to be very interesting to see, but I'd prefer if it wasn't in the Devil May Cry franchise. I'd just rather not fragment and pit the DMC fanbase against itself, especially with the Japanese game industry and character action games in general hanging by a thread (it's been nothing but decline since DMC4 released). It's a bit selfish, but Western games aren't going anywhere whereas Japanese action games are a dying breed."
"They pretty much dropped any pretense of being ""a stealth game"" since the first one came out. I think they call it ""stealth action"" now, where the stealth is the gateway to the actually good parts, like when you shoot 4 redcoats with flintlock pistols and then kill another 8 by igniting a barrel of powder, commandeer their ship and sell it for diamonds."
"I just want a console, man. Enough with the Gimmicks. Just sell me a fancy box that comes with wires and a *nice* controller like the gamecubes and make some great games for it. 

Edit: don't get me wrong, the WiiUs a GREAT console, but it is a gimmick. It also has great 1st party games but atm none of them interest me. But they could've easily made a version without the gamepad and sold it as is with a controller. Then you could've bought pad separately or in a bundle. 

Not sayin $200 is too expensive, but you can't deny that it is indeed a gimmick. "
"I don't understand why they didn't learn from borderlands 1, the start of the game is boring as fuck, ESPECIALLY with fucking claptrap, the most annoying character ever made. It drains the replayability. "
When a whole game is based around optional quests (and free roam) having bad optional quests suck (especially when you run into it quite easily during a more major quest)
"http://www.nintendo.co.jp/ir/en/library/events/index.html

I'm going to be F5ing this page until they post the translation Q&amp;A session.

If true, welcomed news indeed."
"I know exactly what you mean. I recently picked that game up and every single level has been a blast. It's insanely difficult but the fast respawn makes it fun and tense as hell. 

But right now I'm stuck on the boss battle where you fight Dr. Fetus with the rocket launcher. Each time I respawn I have to wait for those gosh-darn razor platforms to start moving. It's the only level in the game that makes dying an annoyance, rather than an inspiration."
I'm not agreeing with that guy but both smash and Mario kart are established series so you can't really compare them.
Keep in mind that you're judging the balance of the game from a 10 minute video of people who've played the game for less than three hours.
"No voice chat means nobody can call out the spawn camper or coordinate a counter attack. Oh well, maybe the single player will make up for it."
"It's Nintendo's next console. It's a generally known fact that when a company releases a console, research and development for the next starts right away. However Nintendo has revealed ""NX"" existence rather early compared to the usual timelines"
"That's actually a pretty good point. With no voice chat, team coordination is pretty much impossible."
"Ever since Destiny I don't care who you get. Big voice performers can be a lot worse than nobodies, especially when they think they're too big for video games."
"&gt;There's an irony here: AMD's driver set-up works best on Intel hardware and flounders on its own processor architecture. Meanwhile, there's some intriguing scaling going on with Nvidia graphics hardware running on AMD's FX 8350. Remarkably, the results also suggest that Nvidia's driver is more much more suited to AMD CPUs than AMD graphics cards, particularly when it comes to scalability of lower-end Nvidia GPUs on the eight-core FX 8350.

Did that confuse anybody else? There is a lot going on here. Are graphics drivers affecting cpu performance and vice verca? Cpu ""drivers"" (Do those even exist) affect gpu performance?

Can anybody sort of sum up the article for me? Because I'm missing something."
"Let's be honest here- the cost of living is the excuse used by all the developers and distributors, but it's painfully obvious that it's exploited and consumers in countries like Australia get gouged. "
"A lot of Wii U games don't use / make minimal use of the gamepad, though. By and large, it *is* just a nice, moderately powerful game system with great games."
"Subbed - funny guy never seen his vids before and it was 10x better than the Giant Bomb quick look.

My friend has the game, and although it's quite a learning curve he's having fun. "
I used to invade people's worlds and help those archers out in matching armour and Dragonslayer Bow. Good times. 
"I can't wait for Vulkan and DirectX 12 to arrive, Mantle is already pretty amazing when you use a lower end CPU, my friend got a 30% increase in FPS when he changed to Mantle (BF4, A10-7850k  R9 270) but my setup only gets about a 5% increase (BF4, 4690k, R9 270) 

Mantle was a pretty good proof of concept but I hope Vulkan will get more support than Mantle and OpenGL ever got. 

The low-end market will benefit from new APIs more, APUs like the 7850k are already pretty good for the price but in the future they will be even more effective, especially if AMD gets their shit together with Zen. "
"AMDs GPU drivers are more CPU intensive than Nvidia's. This means that an AMD GPU will perform better on an Intel CPU compared to an AMD CPU .

This is because the Intel CPU is faster,   so it can handle the high CPU usage of AMD GPU drivers better than a slower AMD CPU can.

Similarly , because Nvidia's drivers are less processor intensive , an Nvidia card will run better on a low end Intel CPU  or AMD CPU , than an AMD card. Even though the AMD GPU is faster when not limited by CPU performance I.e on a 4690k."
"As much as there's a ton of potential in DX12 and it would be awesome if it's realized by developers, over the years I've picked up a sense of caution with shiny new features and capabilities.

Simply put, I think the number of developers who use something well, or have the engineering know-how to do it, is pretty small, [and quite often developers just aren't very good](https://www.gamedev.net/topic/666419-what-are-your-opinions-on-dx12vulkanmantle/#entry5215019).

Then besides performance (which is always welcome) there's going to be a shift in how to use the capabilities, and if anyone has been paying attention the last decade+ when given the option between framerate/resolution/detail, a lot of developers will push for detail. That 3dmark tech demo with lots of repeated buildings to show what dx12 can do, I'm sure we'll see something similar in games just to do it because they can.

Putting aside how we've still got developers putting out DX9 only games, I expect DX11 to hang around, in fact MS are continuing to support it and it should be the preferred route for developers who don't want to play with the sharp tools or use a licensed engine that does the work for them (and enable/support DX12 when they publish their game)."
"Even if there's a random person near you playing a co-op game with you, you still wouldn't act like a dickhead towards them *because* you don't know them. When playing online, people act like dickheads all the time, and the less I play videogames the more I find that behaviour absolutely mental."
"I'm going to read the article in a minute, but I must be getting old. I swear, I've read the same headline for DX7, DX8, DX9, DX10, and DX 11. "
"I loved that level. I felt like it really helped the game be more than just an action game. I guess it was a bit ahead of its time and not executed perfectly, but I still love the developers for trying. "
"Good article, you should give it a quick read.  But I'll try and sum it up for the lazy:

In short, they've done some draw call benchmarks and have seen a boost of up to 2000% in the number of drawcalls made per second, freeing up the CPU quite a lot for other tasks.  The update to DX 12 will especially benefit AMD graphics cards as their current driver is grossly unoptimized yet perform especially well on the DX 12 test, on par with nVidia.

Now remains for the gaming industry to make the switch to DX 12.  PC gamers should adopt it quickly enough since Windows 10 is free, but the quicker we will, the quicker the industry will follow

At the moment, with DX11, combos of GPU/CPU from best to worst:

* Intel CPU and nVidia GPU
* AMD CPU and nVidia GPU
* Intel CPU and AMD GPU (Oddly enough, AMD cards are better with Intel CPUs)
* AMD CPU and AMD GPU (What consoles have)
"
"It's not a difficult answer:

&gt;There are a number of difficulties in removing the region locking on existing hardware, so there is little expectation of this becoming a reality any time soon.

&gt;On the other hand, regarding the NX, there is strong support from our customers, and support from the market for the removal of region locks. While a decision still hasn't been made, we are looking at the problems involved in creating a region free platform and looking for solutions. This is the current situation we are in internally. We acknowledge your wishes for a region free platform, and I personally am positive about the future in this regard."
"&gt; You realise that when porting it to 3DS they rewrite it in a completely new language?

You have no idea what you are talking about. There is no reason for it not to be still C++ on the 3DS. Yes, the API is different, so the input, graphics and sound will need to be ported, but all the game logic is still the same."
"You don't need coordination to call out a guy everyone on the team has been killed by and you don't need to coordinate to take out one player.  These guys were just bad, voice chat is not something that would solve"
"There's a cool mod that allows you to skip it for PC.  You can pick dark, light, or maybe neutral.  You then start in the ship with all th loot you'd have gotten."
"*the importing of console games. Wasn't the 3DS the first handheld of theirs to be locked?

My copy of Band Bros. works fine on my absolutely vanilla DS."
"&gt; in countries like Australia get gouged.

Australia seems to get gouged on multiple fronts. Most expensive games, extra taxes on games, and censored/neutered versions of those games to boot. "
"I've learned over the course of 80 years that people's interpretations can wildly vary from what was actually said.

But thanks anyway."
"No customisation for the cars other than tuning setting. It is a game about racing cars that is inspired by many real life  racing series so no spoilers or mufflers on F1 looking cars. 

It is something similar to games like Grid but this one has more in depth gameplay. "
"What? The study is about people being less aggressive, more altruistic, etc. after playing cooperative games, which is different from having good social skills. The former is not completely obvious in my opinion."
"The first time I heard that developers want Evolve to be an esport - it became clear that they don't know fuck about esports and do not understand them.  

It is almost impossible for a game to grow to be an esport unless it is cheap/free and can run flawlessly on 5 year old hardware, it will not get required player numbers otherwise, unless it is an already well established franchise.  "
"Which is why you see the above title. The title doesnt say its impossible, its saying theyre thinking about what they need to do to make it possible."
"But that's exactly why they aren't including it. People can be massive jerks online and that's something that Nintendo is heavily invested in preventing. It's supposed to be a family friendly game and not require an adult to make sure the kids don't get harassed. 

It definitely impedes coordination and leaves voice chat to only 3rd party programs but it's not like Nintendo is oblivious to that fact. "
"Vulcan will change the world more than direct x can hope at this point.

Cross platform development for Mac, PC, Linux, steambox, Xbox, ps3, iOS, andrpid, and more.

Reducing the cost for cross platform development will open up the world to gamers who don't want to use Microsoft."
"One thing that stands out to me with mentioning Call of Duty in the article is that COD didn't start as the behemoth it is now. In fact, very few games/genres that we recognise as huge went from 0-100% instantly, even if they had a good start, they took time to build themselves up.

I didn't play Evolve besides the first alpha, but to my mind it was a mistake that it's strategy was high stakes right at the start, the first game, with seemingly less opportunity to grow over a few years. 

What will be interesting is what happens to Turtle Rock, and if they get to make Evolve2, whether they cut their losses and work on a totally different game, whether they reassess Evolve and make major changes to give it more life and attract new players that hang around."
"Both GPUs are equivalent hardware-wise.  Problem lies with the drivers where nVidia shines.  Here's the relevant paragraph

&gt; Looking at the results, some trends become clear. The problems with AMD's DirectX 11 driver, amplified here with a draw call specific bench, are put into sharp relief. Firstly, not only is AMD's single-thread performance slower, but the driver is not multi-core aware whatsoever. Not only is Nvidia faster, but it can scale its load over three threads. The Core i5 - the processor with the fastest single-core performance in all of these tests - is the only chip capable of breaking the 1m draw call threshold on AMD hardware, somewhat vindicating our previous contention that enthusiast-level GPUs require an Intel quad-core CPU to get the most out of them. By contrast, Nvidia gets equivalent draw call throughput on every CPU we tested."
"Saw this on AT forums as well. There are some strange results in the mix and even more strange is their conclusion from them.

For instance, i3 halves the multithreading draw calls for all cards except for 750Ti.

And with i5, 290X multithreaded doubles over the singlethreaded draw calls, while 970 gets halved again!

Amusingly, the biggest difference happens with AMD's 8350, where 970 is thrice as good as 290X with multithreading in dx11. While the biggest difference in 290X's favor happens with the i5 4690, where 290X is 2.4 times as good as a 970 with multithreaded draw calls in dx11.

edit: decided to check up their linked google doc, I was entertaining the possibility that they might have mixed up 290X and 970 numbers with i5, but they seem to have screwed up in other places as well.

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1NoxzsMt7-inVKjGHw1IOW3fyPq0WaHNHFiBPZh5-EM4/edit?pli=1#gid=0"
"No, it's just going to take a few game development cycles before DX12 really starts getting used well, which means many years."
Changing the name that a game is published under in no way what so ever requires the console being restricted from playing the two different named versions.
"Ah, so you were talking about only drawcalls. It sounded like you were talking generally DX11 currently."
Back when it still had [this logo.](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/3/3b/DirectX_1_logo.png)
"That's what they said about Linux for a very long time. I doubt Vulcan will affect that much, at least not to the point of eclipsing DX12."
I love Nintendo like a son but I expect them to continue with this naming convention bullshit; goddammit they frustrate me. 
"Australia is always the one that shows up the most in here. But honestly the price is nowhere near as bad as other countries that normally don't show up here. Brazil for example is a prime example of incredibly overpriced games for compared to the cost of living. 

Venezuela (country where I live) a PS4 game right about now costs about 20000 BsF which if you count the unofficial dollar exchange rate at 270 is about 74$ which doesnt sound thaaaaaat bad once you plug  in cost+ shipping+ taxes,etc.

Problem is that Min wage here is about 6000 BsF per month.  15000 a month is a pretty good salary. So an engineer leaving college wold make about 15000-20000 BsF a month.  So basically you can buy 1 game a month... as long as you don't pay rent, or food, or services, or anything. 

That's basically the reason why here piracy is so rampant. You can go anywhere in any city and there are stands selling all kinds of pirated movies and games. Even cops buy those even though it's ""illegal"""
"I don't think adding more players and making double sized maps + double time per game would make the game better. The paint mechanic makes long games kinda stupid (fuck up once at the wrong moment, lose territory, lose game). More time to get till the middle of the map is time lost on doing nothing. 

Might work for a different game mode.

&gt;multiplayer depth

The game isn't out and not a lot can be concluded from 3 one hour test (except the fact most reactions about the gameplay mechanics are positiveà."
"region locking stopped me from getting couple 3ds games

though they may be out years later and digital only in eu now, i refuse to buy digital games on a 3ds"
If they wanted Evolve to be an e-sport why do you get stat bonuses as you level up? How is that competitive? I know it's only 2%~ here and there but it all adds up
"Not to mention, DA:O is magnitudes better on the PC with its tactical map and full difficulty modes (console versions have lower difficulty due to the lack of tactical controls)."
"And he's done video games before. He was an antagonist in LA Noire.

Edit: he also did The Saboteur and Infinity Blade 3."
"I don't understand why they would do that. I mean the article says it, but it's extremely dubious to me..."
I feel like i should note that the first game was a 4v3 and thats the reason why they steamrolled the enemy team so hard.
"Because all new releases of DX were better than it's previous counterparts? DX12 is the biggest architectural change for DirectX since it's introduction in mid 90s.

"
"A lot of questions the dev skipped, like the DX12 question, mentioning it in the title is kinda pointless. "
"I would counter with the Deep Roads. After hours of tired AoE spell spamming, and seemingly endless hordes of dark spawn to kill, this was easily the least intriguing grind of the game. It's worse since the game level scales, so when I did this last it only exacerbated the tedium. "
And i think that's a good thing. The dintinction between the ps4 and XBone is so small now they're basically the same thing. It's boring. As a PC gamer i have no desire to ever own a ps4 or XBone really. the WiiU at least offers a unique perspective i can't get anywhere else. The experience i get on a Xbone is the same one i get on a ps4 or PC. 
I think the industry would be a lot drier and void of more creativity if nintendo ever went that way sadly. sony and MS aren't doing much to push hardware boundries outside of graphical power (which PC trumps in spades anyways). I appreciate that nintendo offer unique experiences in an entertainment medium that's slowly homogenizing even if they are short on the amount of quality they offer. Wii/WiiU are meant as secondary consoles.
"&gt;**Star Wars: The Force Unleashed**

&gt;which ironically is what got a lot of people interested in the game. 

This is what always got me. It was a huge part of their marketing, literally being featured at the start of the games preview and it was the worst part of the game. I personally disagree on it being a great game. It was pretty bad. Sequel was worse though. "
"Correct. They released the information on the NX at the same time they announced their forays into mobile development, presumably to calm any assertions that they were exiting the console business. It'll be released in 2017 at the absolute earliest, don't get excited."
"So many people in this thread are making assumptions about balance and such when they didn't even play the test fire...

Seriously, no one who played 2 or more sessions has any qualms about the balance, and there's a reason for that. It's a very well designed game. Maybe we'll see some issues at launch when we have more time with it, but as for now, there's nothing that seems broke "
"This has always been the case. You are not allowed to sell accounts, whether that be steam, xbox or PS4. And since the game is only playable if you sell the PS4 with your account, it's understandable that ebay will remove those.

As far as I know selling virtual items is generally not allowed on ebay. People do it all the time, but if ebay sees it they will remove it."
"&gt;Fucking dumb redundant scientists

Have you read the hate and bile that the media spews about video games?  How anti social they make you?  How they basically cause school shootings?  

We need stupid redundant statistics to prove what we gamers already know, because the last generation still thinks we are a bunch of losers that are going to be murderers soon."
"Assassin's Creed III was AWFUL about this. The game's story is split up into ""sections"", there are 12 sections in the game. The first **FOUR SECTIONS** are tutorials! *LITERALLY* 1/3 OF THE ENTIRE GAME IS A BUNCH OF TUTORIALS!! After that game, I lost interest in the entire Creed series."
"And here comes the mandatory comment about games like Layton vs Phoenix having a SEVERAL MONTHS delay between america and europe releases, but the localization having absolutely ZERO changes done. And both were months after the japanese release.

Localization my ass."
"Worth noting that AMD cards are still having a pretty hard time with this game.  Apparently you can run the Win10 beta driver and get some improvement though.

I have what I suppose is a lower end card at this point, but even with everything to minimum, the game runs like a slideshow, literally several seconds between frames sometimes.  The only game I have with any sort of issue.

Should be pretty fun once it runs properly though."
Still bummed they dumped Kimberley Brooks (Mass Effects Ashley Williams) who voiced Oracle really well for two games.
"I have a GTX 960 and  FX-8350 (before you ask... It's because prices are weird in third world countries).

So... That's good for me?"
"I think it is possible to have a level-up system while still being competitive.

A lot of people used to shit on League of Legends for its rune/mastery system that gives you small (but like you said, they add up) bonuses to various stats. You get those bonuses when you level up, and a lot of complaints used to be thrown at LoL because they said it made it anti-competitive. 

I can totally agree where the complaints come from but at the end of the day, anyone that even has a *slight* interest in playing competitively and seriously is going to be max level and getting the full bonus long before they are good enough at the game to really be affected by such minor bonuses.

Overall it's obviously much better to have everyone be on a level playing field from the start, but I think a levelling system can be a good compromise as long as it isn't an obscenely long grind to get to the max level."
"&gt;With AMD's driver, it appears you're running into CPU bottlenecks much quicker

Only on systems where the threading was intentionally and artificially limited to single threads.  These tests were an experiment with current DX11 limitations (in terms of draw calls) and are not representative of gaming performance."
"Not to talk shit about Vulkan because honestly i know next to nothing about it, but Valve putting their weight behind it is not a guarantee of it being successful.

They have historically backed plenty of hardware and software that just never made anything like the impact that many valve worshippers claimed they would."
"Reminds me of the hilarity surrounding Battlefield 4's disastrous launch and the community rep Zhinto being a massive wanker to people who were having problems.

[Including this rather amusing tweet.](http://i.imgur.com/WZOCIiy.png)"
"Why doing an article on a game that is dead and those ""haters"" warned every one. You coulda see the DLC milking all over the game just by listening to the devs and concept."
"Essentially, even if localization doesn't change anything, not only do games going to the EU have to go through Nintendo's own localization team but they also have to essentially go through a ""censorship"" board for each country. That usually slows down the process a lot."
"Comparing any modern MMO to WOW like that is not right purely because the MMO market when WOW launched was wholly different than it is today.

WoW if it launched today with the same problems it had back then would be just another failed MMO within a year.

It got so big because it lucked into a boom in the MMO landscape and harnessed that boom and made it its own.

As a side note Blizzard have said WoW is going to go F2P eventually, they just need to plan when to switch."
"But, why?

There have already been absolutely fine actors playing those roles.

They should have brought those voice actors back."
"&gt;Intel CPU and nVidia GPU

&gt;AMD CPU and nVidia GPU

&gt;Intel CPU and AMD GPU

&gt;AMD CPU and AMD GPU

There are literally thousands of benchmarks from the last 6 years that prove this ranking order is false.  More than anything, it depends on your *specific* CPU and GPU and much less so on the brands themselves.

If this sounds like a stupidly obvious statement to anyone, you should re-read what the OP wrote in his summary and you'll understand why this post is necessary."
"The sad part is in the beta, evolve literally felt like a good Esport game. I found myself watching streams (and still do) of monster players pitting themselves vs premades all the time and it was just entertaining to watch. Hell it was so entertaining to watch that my 2 roommates at the time stood there and watched several full matches while knowing next to nothing about the game and had no inherent interest in it either. So it had POTENTIAL to go somewhere esports-y, but the devs botched any hope of that.

I still maintain that if evolve were released as a F2P and went with the dlc program it has now it would have been a huge smashing success. Or even just let people unlock characters through gameplay means like LoL/HoTS does. Charging ""AAA"" price just to play the game then charging even stupider prices for dlc (15$ a monster... lol) was just suicide and exposed the game for what it was. A cash grab.

A soulless cash grab that is now forgotten by almost everyone that played it and soon will have even fewer players than titan fall"
"You have to read the article.  Most of the results hinge on whether or not people were helpful or not.  If somebody was helpful, it inspired others to be more helpful.  Just simply playing a co-op game wasn't enough.

Playing a game with a bunch of jerks would probably be unlikely to inspire pro-social behavior then."
"A remaster of the Gears of War series for XB1 is basically inevitable.  I'm expecting to see one announced soon - probably during E3. 

While I'm a big fan of the series, I'm kind of disappointed that this series is starting off with my most anticipated games being remasters.  I feel like this is all due to the last generation of consoles just lasting too long .  

That being said, if this is true, I can't wait to play horde mode with friends at 1080p 60 fps (which I hope is what the game is at)."
"Why? Because an engineer has to make 50k$ a year? Venezuela has a pretty hard core currency exchange control. The ""official"" exchange rate is 6.3 BsF per USD but only the government is allowed to buy/sell that or if you have government permission (you're not getting it, only importing medicine and some food will get you permission (if you have friends in high places)) 

Then there is SICAD which is another exchange system which sets de exchange rate at 12 BsF pero USD, again you need government permission  and is not easy to do. Industry and such could theoretically get USD from here. 

Then average Joe like you and me can use SIMADI which is another exchange rate which is about 190 BsF per USD but you're limited in how much you can buy and you need to register with the government to do so and it's a hassle. Then it's what everyone uses which is the black market which fluctuates on a daily basis which sets the rate around 270 BsF per USD and is what everyone uses and sets prices to. 

The thing with all this is that internationally the government says our min wage is 6000 Bs which is close to 1000$ (at 6.3) buuuuuut if someone buys an iPhone in the US and brings it here to resell it, he didn't have access to 6.3 Dollars, he had to buy dollars at the black market at 270 or so.  So obviously he's going to sell it at 60+$ at 270.

So 74$ at 270 is close to 20000 BsF which is actually more than a regular engineer would make coming out of college. 

You can check these numbers for yourself if you want. 

Www.dolartoday.com is a website that calculates the price of USD based on how much the BsF is being traded for in Cúcuta, Colombia. 

Mercadolibre.com is kind of our eBay   you can search for consoles and games and such and check the prices yourself. 

Losgamers.com is a gaming retail website so you can check the prices of new games. 

Please note in the website that if you buy a game today they ship it may 28th.thats because they have to buy it in the US, get it back here and then ship it. 

So yeah, a cementing engineer in the company I work for (Oilfield services)  makes about 18000 a month after bonuses and such.  Now check those websites and calculate how many new games would he be able to buy each month"
"Evolve made a few noob mistakes in that it was multiplayer only and overpriced for the content. They continue to make mistakes in that the price is still pretty high in comparison to the small amount of content.

The problem is that even if they lowered the price now, I don't think they would be able to rejuvenate the community.

A game to compare this to is Titanfall. The difference is that Titanfall had EA behind them, and they (EA) have learned hard that keeping a game too high a price on a competitive market will kill it. Titanfall has been on sale a lot of times over the past year, but even that has only slowed down the game's decline on PC where it sits at around 2,500 peak worldwide players after just over a year.

Compare that to Evolve's roughly [1,250 peak players worldwide](http://steamspy.com/app/273350) on PC after only a few months of release.

Their saving grace is the console market, where the competition is much smaller, giving them a much higher playerbase than PC.

And yet games like Battlefield 4 still thrive on PC, mainly because of regular sales. Battlefield 4 Premium edition is on sale again this week at £19.99\*. Even Titanfall is £7.49\*.

Evolve is still £34.99

*With discount code ORIGIN25 entered at checkout."
"Well Venezuela has a complicated situation with regards to exchange rates.  Government run food stores have one exchange rate, everything else has a VASTLY terrible rate in comparison, and local don't get paid in dollars so they fall victim to the huge drops in valuation that occur regularly.

http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-03-06/monthly-salary-of-20-shows-why-venezuelans-wait-in-food-lines"
"Fine. **Modern** Intel processors have far greater single threaded performance, which is more beneficial for gaming."
"Because even if that's the case, they need to keep this ship from sinking before jumping to the next. There are still millions of people with Wii Us, and it would be detrimental to release a new console before making sure that people feel like they got their money's worth, or there would be a severe amount of backlash from everybody. "
"&gt; rather early compared to the usual timelines

That was done when they announced their partnership with DeNA so people don't panic and just assume Nintendo is out of the hardware game (consoles/handhelds).

Their mobile efforts will be in addition to everything else they do and not an replacement."
"Seriously, pretty much everything has a counter. Except if your team has like 4 rollers on it, then you're pretty much fucked without any range. "
"Yep, I think there's a fair bit of hubris if you launch a brand new game expecting it to be seen as a premium product that's going to have persistent strong demand without proving itself first. 

For a new game you can't expect the same purchasing behaviour as COD or a Blizzard game where they often can ask those prices and people will pay them, and even then the last few years Activision/Blizzard have been more aggressive with discounts.

Games have to prove themselves, and publishers have to entice players in to wanting their game. Studio pedigree can help, but L4D/L4D2 isn't overly strong."
"Of course I'm generalising , he asked for someone to sum up the article not  for a performance analysis of all of Intel's and AMD's CPUs."
"There's some good news, it seems AMD is at least trying to fix the problem:

http://www.vrworld.com/2015/02/24/amd-hiring-graphics-driver-developers-cpu-optimization/"
"This is the correct answer. Nintendo is under no legal obligation to enforce regional standards by preventing importing goods to other regions. They are not required to create Japanese products that follow Australian laws and regulations on the off chance an individual or third party should attempt to import the product.

They can 100% keep all their current systems in place, and operate exactly as normal, remove the region lock from code (which is usually a one liner, incidentally), and face absolutely no legal repercussions of any kind. There are no legal considerations here for which they are required to comply, and the business impact of import goods when a localized release is available are generally minimal except in certain niche markets."
"A month or two ago, DigitalFoundry made a statement about choosing a 750 Ti over a more powerful AMD GPU due to AMD's CPU overhead, and it stirred up controversy.  I imagine this article is their very long-winded way of proving their claims.  Even if it means stretching the truth a little bit.

In fact this is DF's 3rd or 4th article about AMD's CPU limitations.  They did another one relating to GTA 5 a few weeks ago.  It's starting to seem like an obsession for them."
And people got cautios because there were too many negative cases in the past. Games these days have to *prove* that they are not just money milking apps.
"L4D is pretty quiet, but L4D2 is still going pretty strong.

http://steamspy.com/app/550

10,000 players worldwide peak times today. I'd say that's pretty strong for a game that came out in 2009.

The key to its longevity is mods and regular sales. And the main reason L4D1 is dying out is because all of the maps were ported over to L4D2, along with a mutation game type that allows you to emulate the play style of L4D1 on all maps. (I actually still play L4D1 with a few friends on The Island World server a few times a week.)

And yes, I've seen Activision put many more of the CoD games on sale recently. The winter sale on Steam included many of them at 50% off, and I can't remember the name of the game, but I remember one of them went down to 75% off during one of the days.

Even Activision know that lowering prices increases sales."
"While the MCC was/is a disaster, if all three were ported, it would be a lot easier since all three run on the same engine (Unreal Engine 3) so porting would be less difficult"
Microsoft PR department probably use the same template for each version and just change a bit the numbers.
"Overseas licensing accounts for &lt;1% of most Japanese animation houses' profits. So nobody is going to care, at a business level, about the effect that this has on the overseas market. Especially when not as many fans are as picky about subtitles vs. dubbing as they used to be during the days of, say, 4Kids.

Keep in mind that the Japanese market for non-childrens' animated series is very constrained by social stigma and ongoing economic issues (e.g. the ""lost decade""). The only people who buy DVDs are hardcore collectors and shut-ins who are willing to devote their entire income to these sorts of things, and the animation studios generally price DVDs to soak up the consumer surplus there. That is, they know they're only going to be selling tens of thousands instead of millions, so they massively increase the price to maintain a healthy profit. They also started targeting series (and merchandise) directly to these kinds of hardcore fans, which is why you see a lot more ""moe moe"" anime now than you used to even ten years ago."
"You are kidding right? The Wii was the highest selling console of that generation even though it released a year after the 360. How is that in any way a failure? If motion control wasn't a profitable idea, why did the other manufacturers field their own motion-based peripherals as well? Step back and try to be a bit more objective."
And their Linux push hasn't changed Linux's numbers. They are still sitting at 1% on the market despite the catalog growing significantly
Destiny gave Dinklage nothing to work with. He was tasked with voicing a monotone robot and he did just that.
"&gt; At the moment, with DX11, combos of GPU/CPU from best to worst:
&gt; 
&gt; * Intel CPU and nVidia GPU
&gt; * AMD CPU and nVidia GPU
&gt; * Intel CPU and AMD GPU (Oddly enough, AMD cards are better with Intel CPUs)
&gt; * AMD CPU and AMD GPU (What consoles have)  
  
Yeah I'm going to need source on that."
"Dx9 left a huge mark and was used for many years (and still is). Even Carmack said OpenGL failed to provide a competition. DirectX is much more than an API for 3D engine, it also provides network and controller API.

Dx12 should be much more [multi-core friendly](http://www.littletinyfrogs.com/article/460524/DirectX_11_vs_DirectX_12_oversimplified), and the work AMD did on Mantle was used to shape the new API (and also the next OpenGL called Vulkan)."
"Something about the way the ink doesn't attach itself to a large variety of surfaces is driving me nuts. I'm not even *playing* and it feels...wrong. It doesn't come across as a game mechanic, it just looks (and looks as if it feels) broken.

It's one thing for a bomb to not explode certain walls, or for a sword to tink on certain types of enemy armor, but a big glob of ink just simply not doing *anything* to random walls and parts of the floor? It's really weird."
"Lots of people keep defending him for that reason, but I disagree. It was clear from the script that Ghost was meant to have a personality much like Cortana, but was equal parts poorly written and lazily voiced. There were moments when Ghost cracked jokes, made sarcastic remarks, and conveyed general emotions throughout the story. Ghost was not a monotone robot and I feel that Dinklage could have put in more effort despite the script. Some of the lines sounded completely amateur and cringe-y."
"His post is true if you amend the words ""draw calls"" into his statement, like so:

&gt;At the moment, with DX11 **draw calls**, combos of GPU/CPU from best to worst:"
"&gt;Especially when they think they're too big for video games

A knowledge/perception you draw from where exactly? Dinklage does good work in Telltale's GoT, so I'm inclined to believe that it has to do with the way destiny was (probably) a total clusterfuck right up until release."
"Except even games coming out now only give the barest support for DX11, and have DX9 versions that seem to be more focused on. I'm highly skeptical that DX12 will be any different."
"Evolve was a very expensive lesson for the gaming publisher community.  There is a limit to how much DLC bullshit the gaming public will put up with.  You can either be F2P and focus on DLC as your income source, or you can charge a full retail price and offer minor DLC throughout.  As financially tempting as it sounds, you cannot get away with a full retail price game that also has DLC as the primary focus."
"Just as an aside, Evolve's playerbase has shrunk from [over 27,000 peak players in February to under 3000 peak players](http://steamcharts.com/app/273350#7d) in May. That is such a massive dropoff."
"Why do they keep calling Evolve an esport game? I had not followed Evolve as closely since it just wasn't that interesting to me. Did the developers intend for this to be an esport game? 

The design of the game seems to run completely contrary to how most esports titles are designed. I always thought of this as a casual asymmetrical multiplayer game. "
"I still think the fault lies in both. Dinklage gave a half-hearted performance, enough to get the lines approved instead of giving it an honest and true effort like any good actor/voice actor.

The point is he could have done better, but chose not to. 

Edit:added some stuff"
Because 7-year old consoles were holding everything back. Xbox will be using DX12 so I'm sure MS will be pushing developers to use DX12. Next DeusX game is going to support DX12 out of the gate.
"Mass Effect 1: The game has terrible combat and a ton of extra padding, but by far the worst was the snow planet (Noveria?).  About half an hour of talking to people, followed by one of the worst vehicle sections in the game, and that's saying something.  When you die, you go back to the beginning of the goddamn level, losing over an hour of play time doing the same talking and driving.  Then, fighting through a base, which is actually pretty fun, before an incredibly annoying boss fight.

The worst part, is they don't even let you know the boss fight is coming up, and it autosaves right before.  I had no healing stuff and my health was low, and the game autosaved right before the boss fight.  So I die immediately, and it loads right before I die again.  I can't reload a checkpoint, and if I restart mission I go back 2 hours.  First game I ever rage quit.

I began to regret my purchase of the trilogy until I forced myself to play Mass Effect 2.  Holy shit, nearly everything I hated about the first one was fixed, and now ME2 is in my top 5 games of all time."
"Having taken a game through Nintendo certification it doesn't surprise me that it's more than a simple switch to turn off region locking as many people in this thread seem to imagine it is. A lot of aspects of the WiiU are more region sensitive than you might imagine because they're not immediately obvious when playing games on the console.

One simple examples is that same game released in various regions uses different servers for ranking/mutliplayer/etc in each region even though they end up being linked internally so to the player it just seems global.

Not that any of these kind of problems are insurmountable, but they have a lot of region specific logistics in both infrastructure and testing. So to make a console region free I'd imagine they'd want to restructure a lot of that stuff to make sure a game doesn't crash or behave strangely if run in a different region. Sure they could say ""region free at your own risk"" but that's not a very Nintendo like approach.

That they're talking about it at all shows me they're interested in changing how things work right now, so I'm optimistic for the future. I just think people should just relax a bit with the armchair coders who think they've got it figured out how simple it will be."
"No way. I dissolved the goo to enter that level, died and the goo was still there. AND I used a physical copy."
"Dude, go learn something about graphics cards before you make such an ignorant comment again.

*Of course* the 280 performs better. It came out almost a full year later than the 760 and is known to be a more powerful card. A better comparison would be the GTX 770 which is more on par with the power of the 280.

And aside from that, the fact that your card was artifacting meant it was either overheating or dying or both. Comparing a less powerful and possibly failing card to a more powerful and not failing card is completely idiotic."
"The trailer script was absolute garbage. It was the most generic sci fi you could possibly come up with. I watched it and thought it was a joke. I have no formal writing experience and could have pounded out that dreck in half an hour.

""That is... until I found you. We’ve always known the darkness would return. To finish what it stated. To take our home. That’s why I’ve been looking for you for centuries. There are only a few of you who carry the light of the traveler. Who have the strength to fight the darkness. I’m not going to lie to you guardian.You are Earth’s... last hope.”

That is uninspired, and as generic as it can possibly be. People writing Star Trek fan fiction would look at that and say ""yikes."""
"&gt; Why do they keep calling Evolve an esport game? I had not followed Evolve as closely since it just wasn't that interesting to me. Did the developers intend for this to be an esport game?

Yes, the developers intended evolve to be ""the new evolution of competitive multiplayer gaming"" or something like that. They had it for example in their trailer they showed at gamescom before you played the game."
"Hopefully not as long as the others, since a version of dx12 is coming to the xbone, making AAA devs use it sooner."
"I really agree with what this article is saying, and would definitely recommend taking its advice if you feel like you are stuck in a rut with your games.

After quitting WoW 3+ years ago I only really played RPG games, and after eventually running out of Skyrim's and Witcher's I thought that maybe gaming wasn't for me anymore. I always had trouble finding a game that could keep my attention, and was in a weird place where I still wanted to play *games*, but couldn't find a *game* to keep me occupied.

Eventually I forced myself to branch out and try new things and ended up falling in love with genres I had not played for a decade or more, and discovered whole new genres that I never thought I'd enjoy in a million years, and I don't think I have ever enjoyed gaming more."
"Wait what did DX 11 change really? I remember quite a few big videos about cool new effects in DX10 that at least are being used by now that the devs have moved beyond the antiquated xb360 and PS3, but all I remember about DX11 is tessellation. "
"Sean Bean did the same thing in Oblivion. I really think it's poor direction, where developers have a big actor come in and think the actor is going to do everything for themselves. They lay down one take, nobody complains because they don't think they are supposed to, and that's the final take.

"
"Hmmmmm let's see.

* DX7 added in transform and lighting hardware acceleration, multitexturing, and vertex buffers.

* DX8 had vertex and pixel shaders, fog, bump mapping, texture mapping, a huge step up from DX7.

* DX9 is the ~~penultimate~~ second most used version of DirectX right now for a reason. HLSL, floating-point textures, multiple render targets, VRAM to be paged out to RAM.

* DX10 is the exception to the rule, although not because it was bad. It offered shader model 4.0, geometry shaders, and texture arrays, however the issue with it was that it was for Vista and newer, and DX10 hardware was very rare at release, so most games still had DX9 support and Vista was, at the time, utter shit.

* DX11 added in a far less painful multi-core support, shader model 5, mandatory 4xMSAA, 16K textures, tesselation, GPGPU, stereoscopy, some of the best parts of the XNA framework into DX, and then some more.

Yeah, absolutely nothing, why don't we just go back to DX6.1 because there's obviously been no differences between something written for computers in 1999 and something for computers (and consoles since the 360 uses DX9 and the Xbone uses DX11) made in 2014?

1st EDIT: whoops, penultimate does not mean what I think it means.

2nd EDIT: Just saying, I work with DX9 and XNA right now (yeah yeah, I get that MonoGame is better, I'll port it later) and multiple render targets are the best thing ever."
"There's actually an interview somewhere where they say that Maker started out as a new Paint title but evolved into making levels instead.

EDIT:  thanks /u/TrustworthyAndroid ,  http://www.nintendoworldreport.com/news/37803/mario-maker-originally-conceptualized-as-mario-paint-title"
"I think it's basic human nature that, as we become older, we lose our child-like curiosity and become more risk-averse. The older we get, the more we cling on the ""good old things"" that we've used to doing. There's no risk of doing what we've always done and playing a game we've always played.
  
Of course there's no risk in playing video games, but our emotional brains don't comprehend that. If we pick up a new game (even more so with a new genre) we have to learn how to play. We might fail and would have to admit to ourselves that we couldn't do it. That's scary to our self-esteem.
  
So we naturally pick up the games we already know how to play. Re-releases, remasters, sequels. No need to worry about a learning curve, just go in there and kick ass like you've done a thousand times before, you already know how to beat all levels and opponents and where the secrets are. I think this is why annual sequels sell so well, they're new in the literal sense but not really in a gameplay or story sense.
  
Same thing applies to movies, music, even restaurants. How often do you eat the same meal at the same restaurant instead of trying something new?
  
The good thing is that once we recognize this behavior, we can fight it. We can force ourselves to try new things even if we feel like we don't want to. We just might surprise ourselves with a completely new amazing experiences.
  
edit: By old I don't mean like 50 years old, I've observed this behavior in myself and my friends already in our 20s. However it will most certainly become worse with age."
"""It is incredible, the best shooter since Halo 3"" 

Is the click-bait-y, sensationalist way I'm going to describe it. It is genuinely the most fun 2 hours I've had with a shooter in years, and it was just a demo, 2 maps and 4 loadouts, the full game is going to offer so much more."
"No, they have never talked about that ever. That is a misconception. Iwata has stated that there could even be ""more than two form factors."" Not a hybrid console, but multiple devices that are unified by both a common user account and a common architecture."
"Even if region pricing is poor, you still have people from all over the globe buying games from other countries.

Nintendo doesn't make as much money off a US game as they would AUS. But someone who would have otherwise skipped it might happily order a copy from the US.

The other option is to sit and wait for an expensive region locked game to come in used, and buy it cheaper that way, and then Nintendo makes zero money off the sale.

Publicity alone is worth making a region free console, but there are plenty of other perks."
"I really enjoyed this article and not only that, I think it starts getting into some discussions that gamers (as a whole) should probably start having.

  The comfort zone that the author is talking about goes far deeper for some gamers than simply sticking to specific genre's. It also can manifest itself in demands to developers to generally homogenize their output according to whatever the gamer in question happens to like most.

  For example. I can't tell you how many times I have seen players come into a Arma related forum and start asking developers to make the game into something more in line with Battlefield or Insurgency. Another example would be the players who go on flight sim forums and ask why it's not more like War thunder.

 These players have a specific kind of game that they want to play but instead of sticking with that kind of game, they start demanding that developers cater to their specific taste and if they get questioned about it or even forced into debate with the existing community. They hide behind the ""I am just giving useful suggestions as a consumer"" excuse even though they know (hopefully) that their wishes run contrary to the core design concept in most cases.

  Gamers get locked into a mindset where they only really play a certain kind of game and any game that does not match that specific style must therefore be doing it wrong. I will never understand that outlook since it is the primary reason for the general lack of variety we see in many popular franchises today. Gamers say that they want variety and innovation in one breath but complain when it actually happens in another."
"The only game I even know of that actually has a DX10 option is the first Bioshock. Other than that, every game is either DX9 or DX11. "
"I think that's a bit of an overexageration, because in 2005 AMD's Athlon 64 platform was better than the netburst based Pentium systems.

Additionally, before the release of the Core i-x series, AMD wasn't far behind with the Phenom II stuff.

Honestly, this is the worst AMD has been. It's either been slightly behind (with lower cost), or ahead (usually with lower cost as well). 

Though, you can definitely trace part of the downfall to the release of the original Phenom series, as well all of the shady shit Intel did to keep market share when AMD had a superior product.

Right now though, it's undeniable that the IPC of the Piledriver based CPUs is awful in comparison to Intel's offerings."
"Evolve is a money milking app. In my opinion, nothing that evolve does is justifiable for a full priced release. From an outside perspective, it really did feel like an unfinished game on release. 
"
"You know how games suddenly stopped supporting MSAA around when Unreal Engine 3 came out, and only offered crappy post-antialiasing like FXAA instead? DX11 fixed the limitations preventing deferred engines from supporting MSAA, which is why its popping up as an option again.

Not the only thing DX11 added, but one of the things I appreciate the most."
I imagine as more people get fed up with the inability to find a match in a multiplayer only environment they will also move on to other games.
"I think what he meant was, *all things being equal* that is the *general* rank.  It means that if you replace 'Intel CPU' with a 4690K, and 'nVidia GPU' with a GTX 770, etc. etc... and keep those things constant when comparing.
"
"I put probably near 200 hours into LoL and got to be about 1 or 2 games away from hitting level 30.  I don't care enough anymore to play those one or two games, because the road there was just so needless."
"Triforce hunting later in the game is what does it for me. It seems like total filler material to pad the game out more because it had so few temples.

""Here, sail around the world finding maps, then pay Tingle every rupee you have 8 times, then sail around the world again finding triforce pieces."" It's boring and very annoying."
"Consoles are only part of the story. Another part is that newer versions of DirectX require newer Windows versions that not everyone is running yet. Considering even today there's about 5% of people still lingering on Windows XP and developers will obviously attempt to reach as many people as reasonably possible, if supporting old DirectX versions is the way to increase your player base, that's what they'll do.

A recent trend for many games is also to support Mac and Linux. Even if it only adds 5 or 10% at best of sales, as long as the required investment is small enough, developers do everything to increase their potential audience.

This is also why I have higher hopes for Vulkan than for DirectX 12. Besides supporting Mac/Linux, drivers are actually likely to come out for it supporting older Windows versions as well.

&gt; Next DeusX game is going to support DX12 out of the gate.

I think every DirectX release to date has always had one or two games that support it right away. They're showcases and typically sponsored by Microsoft."
"Esports are already quite saturated with content. You have two big MOBAs, SC2 locking down RTS, and Counterstrike locking down FPS. You also have the comparative fighting game community which seems to be more flexible, embracing any fighting game that has sufficient depth into EVO. 

SC2 and CSGO are coming from established franchises, and new fighting games become part of E-sports because of the established fighting game community.

It can be argued that even League of Legends and DoTA are just piggybacking off existing competitive scenes born in Warcraft III.

The FPS community also seems to build on itself, as people move around from Quake to Unreal to Halo to CSGO as the tides shift.

For something untested like Evolve to become an Esport from no foundation would be quite a feat. It had to have started out as FTP to generate a large enough playerbase to even contend."
"Compute Shaders, Tessellation, raising shader limits in general. Here's the comparison table:

https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/ff476876%28v=vs.85%29.aspx?f=255&amp;MSPPError=-2147217396"
"LoL had a fair amount of problems as an esport directly as a result of their monetization model before Riot made a ton of accommodations for esports. That said, Evolve as-is probably doesn't have as many problems since their payment models doesn't ramp up as hard as LoL does though it is still not ideal.

People may not remember, but in the early days, a lot of the top players and teams ran into problems with unlocking champions. For example, if you wanted your third pick to be the carry and your third player slot wasn't your carry player, there was a chance that you wouldn't be able to pick the champion you wanted to draft since that player may not have that champion unlocked. You would then have to finish the draft in chat and then remake the game in all pick. Also, the top players often had to spend money on the game to unlock the new champions since a lot of their play time was put into scrims in custom games where IP gains where heavily reduced compared to matchmaking. Riot has since addressed many of these issues since they have a proactive approach with esports but the early days were pretty rocky.

Also I would add that the ""any competitive player would have everything unlocked"" argument doesn't fly too well. If you're a newcomer with potential to become a competitive LoL player, you'll improve at a much faster rate than the game's progression allows and you'll have to spend money on IP/EXP boosts for the game keep up with you.

edit: a few words."
"Eh, I would see a late 2016 release as a possibility, but 2017 is much more likely. The gamecube sold rather poorly (similar to how Wii U is doing right now) and only had a 4 year cycle before Wii came out. "
"DX11 is extremely common among big PC releases.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_games_with_DirectX_11_support"
"[Chariot](http://store.steampowered.com/app/319450/) is one of the ultimate games for couples. Work together to push the coffin of your late king through a maze of beautiful caverns

[TowerFall Ascension](http://store.steampowered.com/app/251470/) has great local co-op modes (and a gold standard for competitive games)

[Spelunky](http://store.steampowered.com/app/239350/) is a lot of laughs co-op. Dive deep into mines with lots of hilarious and controller chucking permadeath. (Death is ALWAYS deserved however)

[Mercenary Kings](http://store.steampowered.com/app/218820/) is good if you want a old school platform shooter with weapon customization.

[The](http://store.steampowered.com/app/35700/?snr=1_7_15__13). [Trine](http://store.steampowered.com/app/35720/?snr=1_7_15__13) .[series](http://store.steampowered.com/app/319910/?snr=1_7_15__13). is a beautiful local co-op game, its a fantasy side-scroller. 

If you guys have a hardcore streak, [Ikaruga](http://store.steampowered.com/app/253750/) is the ultimate bullet hell, if you want something a little more relaxed I recommend [Jamestown](http://store.steampowered.com/app/94200/).

[Monaco](http://store.steampowered.com/app/113020/) is a brilliant heist game, don't let the graphics deter you, it somehow manages to carry the tension of the best heist movies.

[Risk of Rain](http://store.steampowered.com/app/248820/), has a very teamwork based platform shooter experience with a [killer soundtrack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgCmmax-unE). One of my favorite multiplayer games for sure.

And lastly [Goat Simulator](http://store.steampowered.com/app/265930/?snr=1_7_15__13), co-op is how that game is meant to be enjoyed. 


Oh and since you are looking for puzzle games, [The Talos Principle](http://store.steampowered.com/app/257510/?snr=1_7_15__13) is far and away my favorite puzzle game in years, its not co-op. But it is great to pass the controller back and forth and work out puzzles together. By far the best puzzle game released since Portal 2 (you guys *have* played Portal 2 right?)"
"Halo 2 didn't require DX10 (check the minimum requirements - it's DX9 cards).

They just artificially locked it to only run on Vista to try to drive adoption."
"It was a 5 year cycle. GC came out in 2001 and wii came out in '06.
IMO it's probably a handheld console. Makes more sense considering that they announced to reassure people that they aren't just focusing on mobile
"
I dont know why everyone hates Taris! Its a cool world and its not even that tedious. I guess its just because its the first thing you HAVE to do and you cant be a jedi yet? IDK
If Evolve was F2P I would have played it. With their current model I refused to touch it with a 14 foot pole.
"That was to protect the Game Boy brand  if things didn't work out with the DS. Their mobile efforts are aimed at funneling people to their consoles/handhelds (you can't control most of their games with a touchscreen only).

For them to actually transition (profitably) to mobile only they would need to change more than creating a few mobile games in cooperation with DeNA.

So even if they wanted to do this it would take (my guess) at least one more hardware generation."
"This is the one thing that gets on my nerves about /r/games. I see so many comments that say shit like ""Company X could get rid of Y if they just changed a single line of code""

"
How's the playerbase holding up for it? I noticed it's £10 on Origin and there's a 25% code but I don't want to buy if there's nobody really on.
"They actually did have a follow up - Mario Artist.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mario_Artist

It was developed for the 64DD, an add-on for the Nintendo 64 that used high-density re-writable discs.  It was meant to be Nintendo's answer to the CD - with these discs, you could store a lot of custom-made content.  The Playstation, with it's tiny memory cards, couldn't do that.  There was an expansion for F-Zero X that included a custom track creator.  Ultimately, the 64DD was barely released through a weird mail-order system, and only a handful of games were made for it. 

If you search youtube for Mario Artist videos, you'll find some insane stuff.  You could get a video capture unit to grab images off a camcorder or vcr.  You could design 3d objects and animate them.  You could create really weird movies with customized 3d characters.  A lot of those ideas ended up being recycled into things like Miis, Wario Ware, and Tomodachi life.

Just look at this, it's insane.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pfCXYukSHQ"
"I'm in the same position as you were. I rarely am invested in a game for long. Hell Pokemon was my favorite game, and I put more than 200hrs in the X/Y version, and could play any of the previous for the same amount of time, yet when the new came out, I barely touched it. It makes me so sad.

The last game I was really invested in is Dark Souls, that game was so perfect I played, dreamed, and thought about 24 hours a day for 2 weeks. 

But now I'm lost again. I've got hundreds of game on Steam, and a lot on other consoles, but I don't know what I can play. I tried Star Ocean 4, but after 2 hours I already want to give up. RPGs are my favorite kind of video games but I can't seem to play it for long, yet it's all I buy :( 

Do you have any suggestions in other genre ? I WANT TO LOVE GAMING AGAIN. "
"I bought so many Japanese games for the DS simply because it was region-free. In this day of age, region locking shouldn't exist especially when it can be so easily circumvented like the 3DS's region lock."
"&gt; Because 7-year old consoles were holding everything back.

I'm sure it won't be any different with 2 year old consoles holding everything back."
"For PC, I don't think it can recover unless it resorts to incredibly drastic sales drops. The community just isn't there, but the competition is.

Titanfall has been trying to keep people interested with sales, and made all the DLC free since the 1 year anniversary. This still hasn't pumped enough players back into it on the PC. It still sits at less than 3,000 players world wide per day.

For all those games you mentioned, I've not played CIV V, but TF2 and CS:GO are popular not just because of the price, but also because of the ability to mod the game. When new content is free and widely available, people will play the game.

I gave the example in [another comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/35hamy/evolves_identity_crisis_cuts_to_the_core_of/cr4iu30) in this thread about Left 4 Dead 2, a game that came out in 2009. This game had regular sales, supports mods, and has done pretty well to keep a playerbase of 10,000 people even after 5 years.

TF2 is similar. Even before it went free to play it still supported mods, and was still cheap.

"
Not really. Evolve was a puddle of a game that tried to pass itself off as a 60 dollar title with way too much DLC bullshit.
"Could be doing a home console/portable hybrid. Load your games up, take them on the go, then dock the portable and play the games on the big screen."
"How powerful would that console be. Between the GC and the Wii. Maybe as powerful as the Wii. It would be huge step back in power that I feel would hurt them, unless the handheld is just for streaming and they develop some incredible streaming technology"
"officially, but with some tinkering you could get the same effects in DX9. Crytek got quite some flak for that."
There was a big fuss when people realised the eye candy worked just fine in DX9 if you edited the config files
"Gears 1 multiplayer despite being laggy, buggy, and insanely advantageous towards whoever was the host in the match was still my favorite multiplayer experience on a console in the last generation.

A gears 1 with dedi servers remastered on xbox one is pretty much a dream for me"
"Oh, but Linux did. Maybe not on your desktop, but in ways you hardly daily notice / take now for granted."
"It's not really button mashing, it's inputting difficult commands with good timing. Buttons aren't just pressed randomly, they're pressed in specific ways to conduct good combos and they're very intricate in their mechanics, with lots of players paying attention to things such as the frames of each animation and such.

There are very few fighting games i've really enjoyed also, but they're not just button mashing, not by a long shot."
"I play it daily on PC, I'm in Europe. There are different gamemodes, not all are popular, but you can always find a game of attrition (team vs team deathmatch basically), hardpoint (hold 3 points in the map) and CTF (capture the flag). The DLC is free, so you get a whole lot of bang for your buck. There's a subreddit, feel free to jump by at /r/titanfall"
"Yeah, it doesn't matter how many ~~belts~~ bells and whistles and actually useful features these releases have, if the devs are crap and can't optimize a game well enough."
"&gt; Another part is that newer versions of DirectX require newer Windows versions that not everyone is running yet.

Conveniently, upgrading from Windows 7 or Windows 8 to Windows 10, is going to be free for a limited time. There's a signup link on this page you can stick your email in to have MS notify you when it's available.

http://windows.microsoft.com/en-ca/windows-10/about"
"People have been blasting Hardline for basically being BF4 DLC sold at $60. Its playerbase is damn near Evolve levels on the PC and I blame the lack of quality apps on the consoles for people even playing it there.

Not to mention BF:H isnt locking the medic class behind a paywall."
"Perhaps not, but a few other companies are also putting their weight behind Vulkan: Apple, Blizzard, EA, Epic, AMD, Unity, Intel, AMD, Nvidia, ARM, Samsung, Sony, Qualcom, Oculus, and a then some.

https://www.khronos.org/vulkan"
"You make fair points, but Microsoft probably had that in mind when they announced Windows 10 will be a free upgrade for almost everyone (including pirates), which leads me to think the userbase for Windows 10 will grow much more rapidly on release than on previous Windows releases, thus DX12 will have a higher market saturation from the get-go.

As for Vulkan, as much as I want it to succeed, I don't think it will, Microsoft has infinite amounts of funds to push for DX12 usage, the cross-platform will be amazing, but I'm not sure it will take off as much as we'd hope."
"I'm looking for a game similar to Lost Planet 2 with big majestic creatures.  
FYI, I already know about shadow of the colossus.


Any suggestions are very much appreciated! :)

EDIT: I forgot to mention that I prefer PC games, but I welcome every idea!"
"Ugh.  They should've just used some Evolve ideas to refine the Left 4 Dead series.  L4D is actually really close to being an amazing competitive game, but the lack of developer support and balance issues force the brunt of the work to come from the L4D community instead of the developer.

They had a really great thing going with L4D, it is really unfortunate they seemingly left the series for dead."
"Yeah, I've got a bunch of unplayed stuff from PS+ and Steam sales and what-not like Thief and Amalur and Yakuza and Darksiders and Civilization and Crysis and Dead Space and Dragon Age and holy fuck...and what am I doing right now? Playing PS1 Final Fantasy games.

I must be ""old of mind"" because I just can't be fucked to play new things. An amazing glorious mind-blowing open-world experience can still pull me in: Skyrim, Saint's Row, and Far Cry 3 got me.

But other than a couple like that, I just.......don't want to bother. I sit here and say ""Thief looks interesting: I actually want to play that."" And then I just don't: I want to do it but I don't. I just go right back to games I played twelve years ago."
"Speaking of ""bringing games back to basics"", I really loved how Sundowner was a straight-up mustache twirler, and not the usual Deep™ Metal Gear villain. His lines were so evil they were ridiculous, and I loved it."
"I stopped playing LoL as I couldn't be bothered grinding out rune sets, grinding out characters, grinding more rune pages. Started playing DOTA2, all heros unlocked from the start, no levels, runes etc. much better F2P system"
It has a small but devoted community. The good thing about Titanfall is that it's 6v6 so lobbies usually fill up fairly quickly (although a server browser would probably be better) I love this game and believe everyone should try it out especially since its so cheap now. I paid $80 on launch and dont regret it 500+ hours later.
"""Kids are cruel, Jack, and I'm very in touch with my inner child!""

sundowner is my favorite boss from the game in combination with his amazing lines and theme, a shame he was quite far from ""fucking invincible"" though."
"Nintendo has a terrible ""throw the baby out with the bathwater due to one bad egg"" syndrome. It's too bad too, because their online infrastructure has the potential to be so much better than it is, but they are too chickenshit to enable communication."
"Voice Cast and known parts Includes:

* Christopher Lloyd (Back to The Future) -King Graham (Old)
* Josh Keaton (Spectacular Spider-Man) - Young Graham
* Maggie Elizabeth Jones (We Bought a Zoo) - Graham's daughter Gwendolyn
* Wallace Shawn (Princess Bride) - Manny
* Zelda Williams (The Legend of Korra) - Amaya Blackstone
* Tom Kenny (SpongeBob SquarePants) - Merchant of Miracles
* Michael Benyaer (Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen)
* Loretta Devine (Crash)
* Gideon Emery (Teen Wolf)
* Jean Gilpin (Frozen)
* Michael Gough (Batman: Arkham Origins)
* Andy Pessoa (Transformers Prime)
* Kevin Michael Richardson (The Cleveland Show)
* Kath Soucie (Rugrats)
* Fred Tatasciore (Marvel's Avengers Assemble)
* Richard White
* Michael-Leon Wooley (The Princess and the Frog)

Which makes a pretty stellar cast"
"Terraria's progression is mostly defined by what gear your person has, and after early game there's a ton of different ways to go. If you're willing to host your own server or rent one, you and your friends can drop in and out seamlessly and all make your own progress."
"they dont want evolve to be an esport, they just dont want their game to become irrelevent. 

online only game with a prohibitive cost, and nickel and diming DLC... they might make some money, but i dont see the game working in the long run"
"Hi, are you going to open-source some of the game assets to the modding community? I'm talking mainly about props right now"
"How long will we roughly have to wait for a full release? This year or next year? :) Love everything you have put out so far, I was more than happy to throw my money at you for this, you deserve a lot more! &lt;3"
Can we expect an update to the free version that includes around the same updates that you put in for the paid version?
"Hey, how much did the source engine limit you in the development? For example brush limits and all, and how did handle that?"
"Without giving exact release dates... can you say weather or not we will get Xen by the end of 2015? And if you cant answer that, what extra content are you looking to add with early access besides Xen"
"Since you now profit from your game, do you plan to create similar remakes for HL's addons - Opposing Force and Blue Shift?"
"What persuaded you to release the game in early access now without Xen, rather than release the game in full when Xen was finished? Also, could you please ask Stormseeker for some hints for the Pizza Code ARG? It's been two years since HALOS.txt was discovered and we're at loose ends here"
"Is the price going to change in the future?  
(Clarification: I don't mean normal steam sales or stuff like that. I meant: Are ""huge"" price changes planned (i.e., is the current price an ""Early Access"" price)?)"
What is the status of the translation of BM? You were asking for help on the forums - are you discarding the already active translation community around Jokerine?
"Hey! I love Black Mesa, you really put your heart and soul into it! Here are some questions for you guys:

1) Which was the hardest chapter to re-create in Black Mesa? Why?

2) What was the hardest (overall) in the development of Black Mesa?

3) Did you ever consider quitting the project? If so, why and what made you continue?

Thanks for your time, and for sticking with the project for so long! Next time I get money, I'll get Black Mesa from Steam, you guys deserve your payday!"
"**The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion**

Pretty much all the Oblivion (hell world) missions were tedious and repetitive. Their environments were incredibly dull as well, even for its time."
"Is the Xen nearly done, newly in development or %50 done?
[Chapters](#s ""Xen, Interloper, Gonarch's Lair, Nihilanth"")"
Hi guys. I would want to ask how much of a hassle (if there was any) was with Valve to publish Black Mesa as a commercial product on Steam? Thanks!
"I get outstanding FPS on singleplayer with the highest settings, but little on multiplayer with all my video and performance settings turned down...Could we expect more optimization for mutliplayer?"
"1. How did you get Kevin Brighting to do a voice?
2. Was he ever going to anything more than the one voice?
3. Has the engine upgrade been implemented yet?
4. Will the Crowbar Collective ever make another game, or will it just keep a skeleton crew for updates?"
"Since the paid version is on a newer engine, we aren't able to back-update the mod version with some of the features of the paid version. That being said, we are looking into porting bug fixes onto the mod version that are found in the paid version.

"
"It was very limiting in terms of time. It's not as fast to develop with Source, as it is with say Unreal or CryEngine."
"Lots of multiplayer updates. New modes, maps. Single player could be getting some updates for  areas that are looking dated."
No questions - just thanks for being so dedicated to delivering this game after so many years. It must have been quite the journey for those that have been on the project for a long time.
"We're all about opening up as much as we can to the mod community. We're currently working on releasing the source map files from single and multi-player, and we'll be open sourcing *some* models in the near future."
Does Valve get an additional share of the revenue from Black Mesa sales besides the usual 30% cut for Steam?
"Oh no!

I've already talked to Jokerine this past week about translations. The developer working on the Closed Captions needs some time on getting that up-to-date. We definitely want them to do translating, we just don't have anything to translate thats new/updated yet."
"After hearing a while ago that you guys hired Chon Kemp (AKA TextFAMGUY1) onto the team, I was disappointed to also hear that that didn't mean his contributions to Surface Tension and On a Rail would be added (and subsequently weren't). Would you mind explaining your decision not to?"
"Yes, you can expect more optimizations. It's at the top of priority list right now. Expect some updates in the near future to the MP maps for optimization."
"It's impossible. In order to make Xen look the best it possibly can look, we need to upgrade the engine with new features. These new features will make it incompatible with the mod version."
"Hi there Crowbar Collective, first of all, everyone over at [LambdaGeneration.com](http://lambdageneration.com/) would like to congratulate you guys on the release of Black Mesa on Steam! 

So here's a question: What was the most challenging technical aspect you had to deal with when creating Black Mesa? (and why?)"
Did you guys ever get so frustrated with something in the development that made you almost give it all up?
It was decided that they were not up the standard of the mod at that time. It was felt that his time would be better spent developing multiplayer instead of doing both MP and SP.
"Remaking multiplayer maps is tough because you're running the risk of ruining something that tons of people have extremely fond memories of. Some of our maps, Subtransit in particular, remain pretty close to the original maps. Others, like Undertow (mine!) and Bounce, just didn't hold up when we played one-to-one recreations of them ported into our game, so those maps ended up being re-imagined instead of directly remade. Chon and I have both written up forum posts about our experiences working on Gasworks and Undertow, respectively. You can read them [here](http://forums.blackmesasource.com/index.php/Board/70-Developer-Updates/)."
"Don't get your hopes up. The two rules of graphics for as long as these companies have been around are:

- ATI/AMD can't write drivers to save their life.
- NVIDIA lies and misleads about performance/specs anytime they can.

Don't expect either to ever change."
"About two years ago, after the greenlight campaign succeeded, we ported to a new version of the engine. We booted up the game to find that *everything was broken*. We had to spend a *very long time* on an ungodly amount of bugfixes just to get the work we had already done to function. It was a major drag on productivity and a huge hit to morale, but that's long behind us now."
"&gt; Keep in mind golfing is one of the most difficult, privileged and white things you can do in the world – is Evolve the golf of gaming?

Anyone else feel that this came out of left field? Almost as odd as the constant football references. It feels like this writer wanted to be focusing on sports but got saddled with video games. "
"* Porting the game between different versions of Source. Each port broke all of the things (and we've done this several times now). 
* Trying to stay 'relevant' in terms of graphical quality and style.  We've been working on this for a few 'generations' of graphical quality, so there is a drastic difference in the quality of assets which were made last year and ones which were made five or six years ago. Tons of props and materials have been remade several times. 

There are more of course but these are the two that really stand out to me. "
"I still don't get why people believe in graphics they see in early trailers or ""in-game/in-engine"" ""gameplay"" videos that are released long before release. Of course the game won't look like that. It's been like that since the dawn of time. Trailers always looked better and the final versions always looked worse due to technical limitations, optimisations, whatever. People are always so surprised at this stuff, as if they see it for the first time, but it's always like that. "
Are any of the profits of the sales of the Steam version going to people who previously worked on the project but have since left?
"If I'm not mistaken, the game was based on a gameshow that no longer airs.  There was quite a few gameshow based games in the mid 2000s and it looks like they have stopped making them for consoles these past few years.

It'd be cool if they brought that back for Xbox and Buzz for Playstation.  Though Buzz was not a real gameshow, it was a fun game!"
"While I recognize that the game got downgraded in comparison to the 2013 build, it still looks pretty in 2015. **But the biggest thing I notice is how differently the internet is acting about this downgrade in comparison to Watch_Dogs.**

When the Watch_Dogs downgrade happened (even before the game was released), people were extremely angry at Ubisoft. With the Witcher 3, I see very little anger and a lot of defending of CDPR. *While I don't agree that people should be furious (like they were with Watch_Dogs), I do find it shocking how very different the reaction is.* If the internet is going to grill Ubisoft for downgrading Watch_Dogs, shouldn't the same thing happen to CDPR? They did the same thing.

I know that people love CDPR, but if we are going to grill Ubisoft or Gearbox for downgrading their games, shouldn't the same thing happen to *any* dev that downgrades their games?"
"Since you don't want to answer any timeline questions directly, I'm going to try to go about it in a different way.

1. How far are you in development is the storyboard for Xen? Do you guys have the entire game pretty much planned out by now, or are you still working out the finer details?

2. Have you determined at about how much content Xen will be (10 hours playtime, etc.)?

3. How difficult are you guys finding it to develop extra content for a section of the game that was previously fairly short and didn't have too much in the way of an actual narrative (aside from what we can infer from the environment)?

4. How successful has the launch been so far in terms of your expectations, and is it going to be enough to make potential future projects possible?

Huge fan of your guys' work. I bought the Early Access in hopes that it'll help speed up development time a little. Keep up the good work and I look forward to the finished product."
"We have no plans for adding Hazard Course...


... but! [There is a community mod that is recreating it.](http://forums.blackmesasource.com/index.php/Thread/15250-Community-Project-Hazard-Course-Remake-Mapping/?postID=592210&amp;highlight=Hazard%2BCourse#post592210)"
"What kinds of additional character creation options are you guys planing on adding to Multiplayer. Things like characters, Character colors, exc... "
"I think someone from xbox (maybe spencer?) said they were looking into bringing it back for xbox one. I'll try to find the source 

Found it:http://www.polygon.com/2014/1/27/5350684/microsoft-something-like-1-vs-100-coming-to-xbox-one"
"Translations are being worked on as we speak.

Crossfire is in development and will get its own content update. There are a few recreations of the original however on the workshop, if you want your Crossfire itch, itched."
"1. We came into contact with Kevin through one of our level designers, Craig Mirfin, who made a custom Left 4 Dead 2 campaign that had a Stanley Parable easter egg, complete with custom voice lines.
2. No, we met Kevin very late in development but we really wanted to give him a speaking role. We wanted to give him a character who would be iconic and memorable, but still easy to implement quickly.
3. We're on our own custom engine version right now. We have no plans to port to another new engine version in the future, but we have source code access and will be continuously improving it and adding in new features.
4. This hasn't been determined officially, but Crowbar Collective has lots of people attached to it and isn't really set up as a long-term company on account of its history as an all-volunteer mod team. Members of the team may very well make new projects as plenty of us love working together, but it *probably* wont be under the Crowbar Collective name."
"&gt; It can be argued that even League of Legends and DoTA are just piggybacking off existing competitive scenes born in Warcraft III.

Eh, I don't think so. I think MOBAs really just created their own audience through the huge explosion of the genre. I doubt that even a significant minority of LoL of DotA2 players have even played Warcraft 3, assuming the average player is 15-16 years old (2-3 years old when WC3 released).

Sure, it started as a mod in SC and WC, but the genre has really taken on a life of it's own and exceeded all previous games."
"1. The entirety of Xen has been planned out.
2. Yes. It's the 15% of the remaining game :D
3. We've revisited it and have gone into it with a lot more detail.

Thanks for the great questions!"
"you forgot ""Intel makes great a great GPU with great drivers and open source support, but they have no interest in moving into 3d gaming""

I would hate to be invested in AMD or nVidia the day Intel announces a push into 3d gaming GPUs."
"We've already started work on that, and have semi-functional builds, but they're not release-ready yet and we're not sure how long it'll take to bring them up to standard."
"Could that change after Xen is completed? I know that Tripmine Studios are planning on remaking the expansion packs themselves, but I'd love to see the Crowbar Collective's re-imagining of them."
"We've mostly cut stuff that we thought was redundant or too long-winded - the go to example is the On A Rail chapter which was significantly reduced in length. I can't think of anything personally that I was sad to see removed, aside from a few small scripted sequences and quirks."
"No. The price is never going to increase past $19.99 for any reason. We apologize for any confusion and misinformation about this. 
"
"The face editor is a nice touch, but the game is so fast paced you rarely notice. Having the ability to choose clothing colour, different clothing options, or symbols (Something noticeable during frantic gameplay) would be great."
"We have been completely independent during development, but Valve has been extremely generous with their time when we had questions."
"iirc MS paid to be able to do the game for a year but then it never renewed it.  1v100 was pretty much the only good game show game, but it was too limited.  you could only play during specific times which killed it for some people."
There were two separate teams on two different Half-Life communities (halflife2.net and leakfree.org) which started their projects around the time Half-Life 2 was released. I can only imagine they decided it would be better to work together than compete with each other. There are only a handful of folks left on the team who were around for this merger (myself not included - I joined the team in 2005). 
"I hope you can put some work into polishing them and release the as part of the official game. I understand your desire to maintain your high quality, but the original Black Mesa levels were severely lacking due to the cut content."
"Chon is planning to put the mods up on the workshop soon, when the file size limit is increased. So fret not! You'll be able to have them soon."
"How do you plan to replicate G-man's voice? He's such an iconic character and with a very peculiar way of talking, so this task will be very difficult"
I remember I would have some friends over and we would have a blast playing that. It really sucked that it went away. 
"yes, but you can at least have a goal planned. and if you don't know when it might be out, you shouldn't be selling your game."
"We don't plan to replicate it, we already have!

It took a long time to get the voice (done by Kevin Sisk) to just the right sound. It was very difficult. Kevin says that it took longer to do the G-Man voice, than the female HEV voice (yes, he did that too)."
"I think that's enough time honestly. The endings to HL1 and HL2 (Xen and the Citadel) didn't last long, but they did have a huge impact. We don't need to spend forever in there, it's already pretty terrifying as is losing a significant amount of ammo and health in there."
"Are you able to discuss the version of the source engine you are using?

 if so,

* what existing version of the source engine is it derived from?
* has it been a challenge to work with? 
* In what ways were you able to improve it?
* Will/can you implement some of the newer features (ex: dynamic lighting, matchmaking for multiplayer, etc.) shown in valves recent games (portal 2, cs:go) 
* Will you implement a bunnyhopping system? 
* Not a question, just want to say thanks for all the hard work :D"
Having the overwhelming positive has been great to hear. We really love hearing all comments from players about it brings them to their childhood (or at least a 17 years ago).
"Bells and whistles*  
its a doggy dog world out there, so you should make sure you spell things right!"
"It's gotten the the point that I wouldn't know what to do with myself if the Black Mesa development team had a concrete timeline to do anything, much less finish.  

It's kind of like when Duke Nukem Forever came out.  It's non-release had been such a part of things for so long that when it finally existed it was like an entire era had passed."
"* There's a lot of features from other games that we'd like to implement (like match making for multiplayer!)
* We're looking into bunnyhopping. (Though I prefer duck hopping)
* Thanks!"
That actually sounds pretty cool.  They could still do that in another part of the Dishonored universe styled after Japan.    
"Let me clarify that. We have an internal schedule that we're pretty confident we can meet. We just haven't released an official deadline/ETA to the public. We've only been on Steam for less than a week, so it's a little too early for us to have a concrete release date."
"sounds like a plan for dishonored 2.  i mean, japan is all about some honor.  a dishonored magical samurai sounds fucking awesome."
"We do have an internal timeline, but we just haven't released it to the public. We've only been out for ~ a week on steam, so it would be prudent to announce that timeline now."
"Same here.  I had friends over and we would all get involved.  It was a really good time, but I had totally forgot it was ever a thing.  It would be cool to have something new that is similar though.  Maybe they'll have something for us at E3?"
"This is why I find early access a bit strange. Shouldn't games be finished before they're sold, unless the development cycle is intended to be iterative (which doesn't work for linear single player games imo) and/or open source?

It just *feels* odd to me that you can say ""we haven't been on Steam very long, so we don't know when we're going to be finished""."
Organic environments are not something the Source engine does particularly well. Making Xen look as good as we want it to requires lots of improvements to the way the engine handles rendering and lighting. We can't port these changes back to the mod because we don't have source code access to that engine version.
"It would be quite interesting to be a dishonored samurai in a world like that, where you have few allies because they don't want to associate with you or other samurai even try to track you down because you disgrace their name by refusing to kill yourself. I wonder what they'd do for your homebase because one with many allies would feel off place but one devoid of anything could, while put you in the mood, also be a little much."
"That sounds amazing actually. Feudal japan and sorcery? I would've been on board in an instant. 

I love Dishonored and its a great setting (looking forward to the sequel) but, really, Steampunk has suddenly become all the rage. Feudal Japan would be a nice change of setting."
"I understand early access for smaller companies with smaller budgets where it can provide important funds to finish it *at all*. 

Then it comes down to the devs (that includes bigger companies) to actually care for their product and their customers and not put out a half assed product because it's good enough and they've already got their money"
"I don't have a good question. Just wanted to say that I have incredible respect for you guys. You have done the best re-make in history of video games, as a passion project. So yeah, you guys are amazing."
"I enjoyed the Black Mesa mod, but the way you guys handled jumping was atrocious. I can see sort of what you guys were going for (simplify the game to a single jump type.) However the solution you chose, making (nearly) every jump require crouch jump, is awkward as hell.

Has the paid version fixed this at all, or should I expect to continue getting stuck on knee high objects?"
"And Dishonored 2...IS about feudal Japanese sorcerers? Please? Hell, it could even happen in the same universe. Dishonored only referred to other nations as a continent across a monster-infested sea(likely referring to a stand in for North/South America), and some other island states. All part of an empire like Great Britian used to be, but I don't think it really inferred that  the people of Dunwall know of any other civilizations besides the islands. 

It could just take place in the Japan stand in for the Dishonored Universe, like Dunwall is to Victorian England.

"
"The steam version has an option to enable/disable autocrouch jump, so it does it for you automatically.

No more getting bruises on your knee!"
"Because AMD doesn't lie to their customers,  doesn't try to bully competitors out of the market, doesn't sell overpriced products. Oh, they also support the open source community and offer their technology to other competitors."
"This is literally the only thing holding me back from putting money into the project, which is obviously rather unfortunate."
"&gt; so it would be prudent to announce

Not to nitpick, but 'prudent' means 'advisable'. So, you actually want to say ""it would *not* be prudent..."""
"Reading reddit comments on scientific articles makes me sick.

""whoooa. That's SOOOOO obvious, sarcastic quip. I'm much smarter than these researchers, why would they ever BOTHER. Pffffft.""

""I once played payday 2 and someone said something mean to me. I didn't read the paper, but this ''''''research'''''' is totally worthless in my expert opinion.""

It's not like this stuff goes through a rigorous peer review process where people ask much harder questions than these and force revisions on things even more pedantic than reddit could dream.

Yeah, sometimes people will still be dicks in co-op games. That doesn't make the study invalid. And you could just as easily accuse these findings as being ""obvious"" if they said the EXACT OPPOSITE THING. If the headline were ""research finds cooperative games do not increase pro social behavior,"" the top comment would be ""omg, of course they don't, because they make people mad at each other. SOOOO OBVIOUS lol I'm a genius."""
"&gt; It just feels odd to me that you can say ""we haven't been on Steam very long, so we don't know when we're going to be finished"".

From what the Dev said above, they have have an internal schedule set. However, its not wise to make that public until they're a bit more sure, lest the set an unreasonable expectation for completion that'll be held against them if not met."
Pssst.. [Borealis](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/half-life/images/0/00/Borealis_Ep2.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20110626223851&amp;path-prefix=en)?
so bethesda should turn dishonored into their version of assassin's creed? every new game set in a new time period of that world. 
"That's cool and all, though I care little about ""stars"" and would instead rather video games forge their own star cast or rather focus on career voice actors. Most of the time the hype for big actors in games is for people that don't really focus on video games in any real depth and just bounce to title to title.

Though to be fair, great voice actors like Tom Kenny and Kevin Michael Richardson are among the actors."
"Man, I remember back in the old days when Raminator would passionately declare that once Black Mesa was released he planned to ""never see any of you fucks again"". Of course, that was back when release was anticipated for 2008 and BlackOp's Cult of the Purists ruled the forums... Good times."
"Are all developers being compensated for their work? With a project spanning so many years, I feel like there are probably some developers that left the team but still have some of their content within Black Mesa."
"I don't think they'll answer the question. However if they do, I *can't wait* to hear reddit's wisdom on how the money should be better split."
"Its getting Xen for starters. Plus, its on a updated version of the engine, which means it looks better too"
"If you want to find out more about Dishonored, I recommend the Wikipedia page (really).  It's one of the most complete video game articles on the encyclopedia and covers a lot of Arkane's inspirations and motives.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dishonored"
"I know that in the case of Garry's Mod, yes.  
Valve takes 50% instead of 30% whenever a dev builds off their work."
"I'd be ok with that, if they keep the fun stealth gameplay from the first one I will keep buying them."
"Totally agreed, so many games advertise that you can play the whole game in complete stealth, but Dishonored was one of the few where you could ghost every level and do all the objectives without actually directly killing anyone. I played through first killing everything in my way, but going through stealthy was like playing a different game."
"For me ""hunting season pass"" bullshit sealed the deal. If you gonna be that decieving and trying to fool your audience then fuck you. "
"Indeed, always choosing the most 'interesting' protagonist to play as from that time and place. 

Preferably every dishonored setting should be at least tangentially sailor-related though. Gotta keep the Whale theme."
"The entire idea of runes and masteries really puts me off from the game entirely. Even if a rune is a small fraction of damage, it's still and advantage and it's still bullshit."
"No, no steam punk please. Its cool and all, i just don't see the appeal of dirty cogs and steam whistles mixed in with Japanese culture. Maybe a magical, cyber punk, sorcerer samurai dishonored"
Part of the problem is that they have to maintain their reputation as a family friendly company and that parents and moral guardians prefer to blame the big company than the individual jackasses.
"Black Mesa the free modification is still free, and the developers will never charge you for playing it.

Black Mesa the not free modification is and will continue to be better, and that they will charge for.

If they did not charge for it, it would not exist, and we would only play Black Mesa the free modification."
"However, why call it Dishonored then? At least 75% of that game (for me) was unravelling the world and being intrigued by it. A new game not in that world has no business being called Dishonored. 

Edit: Go look at a map of Dishonored, guys. They'd have to retcon the original game which sets The Isles as the only 'inhabited' region, short of some rumours about Pandyssia which is jungle/desert so not exactly 'Japanese' terrain. 

I love the idea of a game like this. I'm just not sure it has to have the *Dishonored* name."
Well. They will never charge you for playing the *modification*. It's a standalone product now. They didn't really go back on their promise they just kinda...side-stepped it. Which is fine with me. A shit-ton of work went into this.
"I really enjoyed the casual nature of this game... sitting on the couch, drinking a beer. It was really cool and was a great concept. Sad to see it go."
"It's mainly about the tools. Source doesn't really provide a scripting language to quickly iterate on gameplay design like Unreal or CryEngine does. Maps need to be compiled, a process that can take ages with complex ones."
"Well, it doesn't have to be literally Japan. 

It could be like.... Hoshi or something and be a random country far from Dunwall that you need to sail to. It's a video game with made up lore not set in the real world. If you can use English styles, accents, costumes, architecture, etc, but not actually in England, there's no reason why you couldn't have a ""not Japan"" too."
"Which actually makes Japan perfect. The society could still be ran on whale oil, perhaps used more alchemically if it is feudal Japan."
Well didn't the rats come from the East? The Spymaster talks about it  if you choose the nonlethal way of taking him out. Bethesda could easily make a different character but take place across the sea from Dunwall. 
"It could work.  If Dishonored is set in a quasi-pop-Victorian country with steam punk thanks to leviathans then you just need to look at a 1837 to 1901 era Japan.  

1852-1853 is when Admiral Perry arrived off their coast with some navy ships with the not so subtle message of ""We're here to trade, but we might find something else to do if we can't do that.""  This period is the start of rapid modernization of Japan as their cultural iron curtain fell.

The time frame would allow for you to have a mixture of both.  Depending on what ending is chosen to be canonical could involve different characters there in fake-Japan to open up trade.  Piero Joplin introducing science based leviathan tech to a quasi-Japan who used the leviathan powers towards a more magical purpose if a good ending is chosen.  Or maybe if it is a bad ending, Corvo's departure has him end up there.  Maybe with a rival to the Other negating most of his advanced skills."
"Regardless of how much you want to fetishize samurai, [steam whistles and cogs mixed in with Japanese culture](http://40.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7kpexjOCu1rstixqo1_1280.jpg) is not only a thing that happened, but a thing that happened in one of the most interesting and under-represented periods of Japanese history. I'm all for a late meiji/early taisho-era steampunk fantasy. "
"I see you changed the bit on the store page that used to say $24.99, but it still says this:
&gt;Will the game be priced differently during and after Early Access?
“Black Mesa will be $19.99 USD during the Early Access phase. **The game may go slightly higher once out of Early Access** (or we may keep it at $19.99).”

...which is bit different from your statement here."
"Its interesting because places like Reddit don't really support discussion if you really think about it, post anything contrary to the more popular opinion and you get down voted into oblivion. I personally like to play some games on my PS4 for no other reason than Im a lazy ass who doesn't feel like moving the PC's HDMI cable but thats way beyond some peoples understanding. "
"On what piece of land? The Pandyssian Continent is the only feasible place for such a culture, and it's been established that the Continent has extremely hostile flora and fauna and resists attempts at human inhabitancy."
Astrophysics? Does that involve as much manual labor and general pest control as theoretical physics?
"The continent that the rats came from is called the Pandyssian Continent - while extremely hostile, it is believed both uninhabited and uninhabitable. "
"http://www.gameinformer.com/p/dishonored_world_map.aspx

If you click on the dot inside of Pandyssia:

""As far as the people of the Isles are concerned, there is no civilization on the distant Pandyssian Continent. In all likelihood, there are probably trader and merchant cultures living along the edges of this landmass.""

That leaves Pandyssia pretty open for world-building. Also, Dunwall is a city, not a continent."
"To test lighting, we have to recompile the level, or parts of the level over and over, which takes minutes at a time. The actual process of building the level with brushes takes a bit more time than other engines... and Source is generally a slow engine. That being said, it still works great and works like a champ."
"Fully runed, you can get about 15 ad + an extra 9 armor + enough MR to basically improve your damage resistance by 20%.

In short, your manfighting prowess increases. That's why it's hell playing brand new accounts, runes actually provide you with a tonne of stats, as do masteries, and while masteries are acquired through levelling up runes are only earned through hard grind that you might want to spend on champions instead, *which may require different runes.*"
"Pandyssia has already been charted by its outline. Apparently humans do live on the coast, but not much is known about them. There is the possibility for a Japanese-inspired culture but I'd say its unlikely given *what we do know* about Pandyssia."
"That's so overdone though. There's a lot of samurai ninja robots out there but very few steampunk works in Asia, or outside of America/Europe in general. "
"Being only able to play at certain times was much of the charm. My wife and I actually got together with friends on evenings we knew it was being broadcast and we would have a blast. Probably wouldn't have that same experience if you could just jump in a game 24 hours a day. Not to mention the whole deal with actual prizes, it made sense to make it a Primetime Gameshow."
"Honestly, no matter how you narrate it, it's just the story of a dude who's annoyed he's not getting a little something for nothing, which is really hard to sympathise with when you consider the years of work these people have put in. It's not even a full priced product, and they deserve to be compensated for their work, which it sounds like you agree with. It's kind of weird how understanding you are, and considering your level of fandom, yet not understanding enough to be happy to pay for the astonishing work they've done - a remake we definitely would never have otherwise seen. As a huge fan of Half Life, I am happy to pay for access to this finalised version, regardless of its origins or their initial intentions. I want to support Team Crowbar for their work.

Edit: and my apologies if the tone of this seemed punitive,  I guess my back is already up from the recent paid mods fiasco - I saw a lot of ugliness in threads from people who just didn't appreciate the toil modders undergo in order to get their projects out the door, and /u/Sgt_Stinger is clearly not being ""that guy""."
"Most definitely. Especially on the point of Arkane's inspirations and motives, I'd strongly recommend anybody interested to follow up on the cited sources in the article as Arkane have talked a lot about their development in an array of different articles and videos that you may not have yet seen. Thankfully a lot of these interesting pieces are referenced in the article.

I for one found their developer diaries utterly intriguing. This [video in particular](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahQ3dioP3nQ) made me appreciate the world of Dishonored so much more - indeed every single detail in the world was hand-crafted and has meaning behind it."
"I've gotta say, though I'm happy you'll have them in the workshop, it's also extremely disappointing.

How you guys originally did ST and OaR was severely lacking and missing some of the better parts from HL1. Text managed to make amazingly high quality level work that fit *seamlessly* into your mod.

I don't know what specifications made it ""not up to standard"", but it's going to suck that people will basically need to add a ""must-have"" mod rather than something that could've been integrated into your official release with next to no downsides."
[These boats?](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/half-life/images/6/61/Airboat_model.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20090527201821&amp;path-prefix=en)
"Pricing was a controversial issue on the team all the way up until release. We worded it that way to leave our options open in the future, but given the community's reaction we've decided we're gonna keep it at $20. What I posted in my previous comment is the team's official statement on the matter."
"We wanted to be priced low enough to be easily affordable before sales/discounts/etc, especially during early access, but we also had to set a price high enough that we'd get more than pocket change after the various cuts taken by other parties. There are games that launch with $20 DLC packages, so we figured that would be reasonable for a 10+ hour single player campaign, multiplayer, and all the extra content we plan on rolling out between now and Xen."
"The game has Pandyssia as the only *known* landmass outside the Isles. In Dishonored's setting, it's clear that the oceans are far more dangerous -- the whales alone are positively crazy -- so it's really quite plausible that they simply haven't explored further."
It would be interesting if the 'Japanese' worshiped whales in the opposite degree to which the people of The Isles did. Collaborative technology and honor tied to respect for the whales.
"1 vs 100 hadn't been on the air for several years by the time Microsoft picked it up for Xbox Live.  In fact, the year it ended it was announced that GSN had picked up the 1 vs 100 license to make their own series.

The theory was that Microsoft got a good deal on the licensing because it was basically a dead franchise at that point; and when GSN picked it up, it suddenly became a live franchise again and it went up in price for Microsoft to license enough that it wasn't worth it for them anymore.

I wish they'd bring it back though.  It was certainly one of the high points of Xbox Live of all time."
"Yeah, doing a pacifist ghost run was incredibly fun, but considering my only two 'toys' were blinking and tranq darts (Which were annoying to get due to the very small amount you could carry), it felt very underwhelming. Every time I saw a new power unlock, it was just ""Look at all these things I can't use!"""
"Dishinored isn't steam-punk considering nothing in dishonored runs on steam, if anything it's ""Magic whale oil-punk."""
"So good to hear someone speak positively about Xen on here for once (although judging by your username i suspect you might be biased).

I really liked Xen but reddit really seems to shit on it. "
[Mechanics behind ArmA's penetration for those curious](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cix07R1vlhI).
"The reason you see match-3 and other puzzle games that feature a full board (trace-a-path games like Dungeon Raid) is that they play very well on touchscreen devices. 

As a recommendation, Puzzle Pirates has many different block puzzles to try, including a Puzzle Fighter variant."
"Maybe next time put the name of the game in the title of the post please, there are a few games that fit BD.(its for Brutal Doom if people havent cliked the link yet)"
Stanley Parable narrator is in the game? Is that in the new version because I don't remember him being in BM a couple years ago.
"People's only way of discovering new land is by manually running into it with shitty boats. Pandyssia is just as likely to be the Australia of the planet with Dunwall being in New Zealand.

Also, Pandyssia appears to have Australia's wildlife."
"From what I remember about Doom, ammo was pretty well balanced. You always had enough so you never ran out, but you never had so much that you could just endlessly use your preferred weapon and ignore other weapons.

If you relied on shooting through the walls to much, you'd use a ton more ammo (The description in the video specifies the bullets will only do 50% of the damage they normally would), so you'd be pretty severely punished for it. It's also worth mentioning that this functionally allows you to trade ammo to prevent losing some health, so it means you can play through tense situations where you're on very low health and trying to survive more effectively. To me this is all good.

So far Brutal Doom still plays very close to classic Doom - the new features/guns don't really betray Doom as it was, it just improves Doom (IMO). I can't see how this change would be any different."
"Well it was one big jumping puzzle that kind of looked like shit and seemed rushed in some aspects, but the boss was cool enough."
I am always disappointed by the puzzle games anymore. I feel like the last really fundamental crack-addiction puzzle game was Lumines. 
"If you liked the first three, you'll like 4 and 5. They are all very similar to each other. 

Personally, I still do think the stories and writing held up well in both 4 &amp; 5, but others seem to disagree. If you have the time, you should play them."
"Apollo Justice was a bit weak (but still worth playing), but Dual Destinies and Layton vs Wright were both excellent."
"Oh my god, what I assume to be a jury system.

I hope to god Capcom localises this game. This looks so amazing."
Tesla Punk would be the most fitting term here considering that everything technological in Dishonored's world runs with electric coils in one w ay or another (which in turn is fueled by whale oil).
"Yeah good luck with that. As an Australian, not only do I agree with the huge gaming population who think AAA titles are already way too expensive in our country, but considering we have one of the largest pirating communities for a developed nation I do not see this ending well. 

I agree with the tax, the GST was created at a time where the internet and online shopping was tiny and therefore it didnt make sense/wasnt understood how much itd impact the country. Its unlikely, but I suggest that publishers just take the hit and keep charging us the already expensive rate, it would at least make the prices a little more justifiable. 

In before everyone goes 'but, your minimum wage is high!', yes we know, this conversation happens constantly. But 'purchasing power' is far more important, and is far lower in Australia. Im content with Australian living, just like everyone else im sick of getting shafted on digital goods and I 'vote with my wallet' when I can by paying for services/products that respect that - Spotify and Netflix are great services at a great price (even though they are more expensive in Aus too, they are not absolutely ridiculous as some other comparisons)"
"Keep in mind, most of the time when we pay more for games in AU, its because the publisher needs to set pricing parity on their own digital channels (like say origin.com or steam), and the AU retailers like EB Games and JB Hifi.

They do this because AU mortar and brick retail stores hold the keys to the gate on mum and dad buyers as opposed to the enthusiast market. So by not undercutting what is possible for price in Australia, they can gain favorable local marketing.

So, hypothetically speaking, if steam adds GST to some games, all it would mean is that digital products would need to have less ""artificial marked up"" on digital channels. This would have been especially true 12 months ago when our dollar was .9AUD to 1USD and games were being marked up 20-30% on average for no apparent reason other than party. However....

1) Games that wernt marked up and we were getting at parity are obviously 10% more from now on.

2) At the moment, we are in a dollar slump, so if you look at something like The Witcher 3, @ $60USD * Conversion... we were almost paying parity when we were paying $80 AUD in the first place. All this complaining about $80AUD for $60 USD games is basically a storm in a teacup at the moment as its practically the rate of conversion for the dollar. Now that GST is in place, we are going to be paying more for $80 games online because in reality, many games wern't.. ""marked up"" they were just being currency converted.

3) Finally, if you look at ripoff merchants like Bethesda and Wolfenstein: Old Blood, who are charging $50 AUD for a $20 USD games, these should not change. If they do, its time to march on their office with pitchforks because its already bad enough."
I just want steam to show prices in AUD so I don't have to ride on changing exchange rates. With inflated prices on steam and now the extra tax it might even be cheaper to buy in local stores which is ridiculous.
"I find it amusing that the modern legal system used in the Ace Attorney, (no real jury, assuming the defendant is guilty unless the defense attorney investigates and proves otherwise, and the death penalty) is actually more suited for the historical setting. But, instead, this time period does have a jury, seems like their world took a few steps back in terms of legal process.

edit: Thank you everybody who is telling me about how the ace attorney games legal system is a satire of the current Japanese legal system. I'd always assumed it was just game logic, but the information adds a new depth to the brilliant design of these games."
I am glad they kept the animated stylistic nature of *Professor Layton vs. Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney*.
"How much does your typical game cost in Australia?

Edit: Ok so let's go with [GTA V on Steam](https://www.steamprices.com/au/app/271590/grand-theft-auto-v).

It's USD 60 in the USA.  
It's USD 75 in Australia, which equals AUD 95.

The [conversion factor (adjusted for purchasing power parity for private consumption)](http://stats.oecd.org/Index.aspx?datasetcode=SNA_TABLE4) from AUD to USD is around 1.53 ([here's another visualization](http://stats.oecd.org/Index.aspx?DataSetCode=CPL), [here's another source that says 1.52](http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/PA.NUS.PPP)).

That means that a game that is USD 60 in the U.S. should be around AUD 92 in Australia. That's only a single example, of course."
"I haven't bought retail in a while, and steam is kind of inconsistent with AAA titles but it's usually around $80. Occasionally it can be ridiculous, like I remember paying $120 for MW2 on launch."
"So take for example the next big game release

Witcher 3.

Currently pegged to sell for $83.99USD or $106AUD

on sale for 20% off at $67.19USD or $85.06AUD 

---

Currently [JB Hi-Fi](https://www.jbhifi.com.au/games-consoles/platforms/pc/the-witcher-3-wild-hunt/430788/) here in Aus plans to be selling it for $79AUD(Tax Inclusive)

EB games(normally the most expensive) is selling it for $89.95AUD

Now there is also the chance that come launch day one of the department stores drops to $75 or lower.

----

So if we add 10% sales tax to the steam pricing we end up with ~$116 and ~$93AUD respectively for the prices for Witcher 3.

Meaning that Steam has priced itself out of the market because of the fact that we already get inane regional pricing to compete with retail.
 "
"The Ace Attorney games are a satire of the modern Japanese legal system which has no real jury trials (although as of 2009 certain cases can feature a panel of lay-judges who need more qualifications and have more responsibilities than a jury in a western courtroom) a 99.7% conviction rate, and capital punishment. 

However, Japanese trials from 1923 to 1943 did have actual juries, so it sorta makes sense for the older trials of this game to have juries, although I think this one might be set closer to the 1890s -early 1900s period."
"Thank you for the education. I'd read complaints from stupid people on Amazon about the game not being a perfect legal simulator, but I wasn't aware it was structured that way as intentional satire and political statement. 

99.7%? Jeeeez, it must be miserable being a defense attorney in Japan."
"Examples -

* GTA V - $75USD = $94.97AUD
* ARMA III Extended Edition - $74.99USD = $94.95AUD
* The Witcher 3:Wild Hunt - (PRE-PURCHASE PRICE) - 71.39USD = $90.40AUD. NORMAL PRICE - 105.10AUD.
* Wolfenstein: TOB - $39.95USD = $50.59AUD
* Wolfenstein: TNO - $79.95USD = $101.23AUD
"
"Keep in mind that Japan *does* use the inquisitorial system rather than the adversarial system of America. 

There is no jury and the Judge determines guilt based on the arguments between Prosecution and Defense. So in that sense, Ace Attorney is actually somewhat correct in representing Japan's legal system. 

Fun fact, in 2009 they started adding ""lay judges""--citizens that also judge the cases before them (but not a 3rd party jury--they are inquisitorial judges who take part in the case). 

The bit at the end of Apollo Justice with the Jurists somewhat reflected this new reform."
"Which is double the price of the US launch. That's why the minimum wage argument is stupid. Our minimum wage isn't double anyone else's, so why the hell should we pay double.

Edit: To all the ppl saying the minimum wage is $16, that's probably specific to one industry. I have a mate who at the age of 19 was being paid $12 AUD an hour at Max Brenner. That works out to be under $9 USD which is definitely not double the US minimum wage.

Edit 2: Just had a quick search and Maccas pays under $12 for a fast food worker. So yeah, depends on industry"
"I really hope they localize it as well, and continue their tradition of unconvincing translations by having the characters refer to what is clearly Meiji-era Japan as Wild West California."
"Earlier this year the EU VAT for Valve went from 15% to 25%+ in some countries, but the prices on Steam stayed the same."
Surely that works out cheaper than what you'd get charged if you had a 'local' price for Australia? If Steam charged us USD in the UK we'd be laughing.
"It's not the same price though. We get an inflated price PLUS the already terrible exchange rate. It's not even funny how much cheaper it is to buy some games in stores.

So a game that is $49.99 USD in the US would be like $79.99 USD here + the exchange rate + GST. We're getting fucked."
"I'm honestly 99% certain that the prices won't change at all. When our VAT went up to 20% in the UK a few years ago everyone was complaining that prices of everything were suddenly gonna go up, but most places just absorbed the extra couple percent.

When the EU law that digital goods had to use the VAT of the buyer's country came in everyone was scared that Steam prices were gonna go up then too, but they haven't changed because Steam is already pretty much the most expensive place to buy PC games, and they know that more people will start going elsewhere if they get any more expensive. Plus £39.99 looks/sounds a lot nicer than £43.74 or whatever.

I imagine the situation in Australia will probably end up being the same."
"I believe the minimum wage is $16.60, but the youth wage reduction doesn't disappear until you're 21."
We DO have a local price for Australia. Some things cost double here. It's just still in USD (not that they tell you that). 
"Obligatory [comic.](http://www.awkwardzombie.com/index.php?comic=120913) Anyways, really excited for this game."
"They don't charge us the same amount as Americans. They add the 'Australia tax' AND  charge us in USD. The Witcher 3 is $75.59USD currently and will be $83.99USD after launch. That is $95.69AUD and $106.32AUD, which is insanely expensive. 

I should also add, if they gave us AUD then at least we'd always know what we will be paying. As it is, we are at the mercy of currency values. "
"Well no, that's not why the minimum wage argument is stupid.

It's stupid because it ignores cost of living and average or median wages."
"This wouldn't be an issue if we were fairly charged the AUD equivilent of the US rates for games.

Instead we pay the AUD rate of the US already hiked for AUD prices.
I'd MUCH rather pay a GST instead of the 'Australia Tax'.
"
"Chances are that prices will normalise and adjust to EB Games' prices (which is $AU 90 for Witcher 3), as EB Games always set their prices to the price recommended to them by the publisher. "
"I honestly think that Valve does not communicate properly to publishers that Australians are charged in USD.

The Witcher is one example that the Australian Steam price is almost equal to the price it would be in AUD if you converted the USD price to AUD. The price on GOG is charged in AUD and is much closer to the USD price.

I think publishers just see a box asking them to input the Australian price to Steam and they assume it's in AUD, so they check the exchange rate and enter an appropriate price.

Dying Light launched on Steam at 72 USD on the Australian Store. At the time it came out 60 USD was almost exactly 72 AUD."
"Before anyone gets too excited, all we know is:

* Atlus previously stated the game would be released in 2015.
* We now know the release will not occur in Q2 or Q3 2015.

It might be released in Q4 2015, it might not. Nothing is confirmed or ""revealed""."
"I'd like to see them lift the cap on only being able to swap 8 streetpasses at a time, mostly because I don't care much for the minigames and the time it takes to work through them in busy, streetpass heavy places. An option to toggle on/off whether you want to 'queue' your streetpasses seems like it'd be a good compromise. "
"As a Euro, I'm glad I made a US PSN account, as no doubt it will be delayed ridiculously over here, if Persona 4 and especially SMT IV are any indication. "
"If publishers don't know by now that they charge Australians more for their game, then they would have to be the most oblivious business people in the history of the world."
Its 10 but yeah I agree. Especially when I go to conventions like PAX and there are hundreds of people with their 3DSs and Streetpasses are everywhere. I don't want to have to keep checking and playing to refresh them.
"You *could* nerf blink so that people would use the other abilities...

Or you could always make the other abilities actually useful."
"and it was on a completely seperate system to boot. it was a remake, not a ""GOTY"" version or anything similar."
Why is EU being screwed over though D: Just release it in english ! Dont have to dub it in all languages.
"I mean it doesn't happen with every publisher, those are the only 2 examples I can think of.

The price of Australian games are so often ""forgotten"" about that I can believe that some publishers just don't give a fuck. Modern Warfare 2 was 100$ on Steam until 2013, even Black Ops 2 and Modern Warfare 3 were cheaper. Civ 5 is still $70 as well."
"It's crazy because I know just recently they have added a whole bunch of local currencies, but no idea if/when it'll happen in Australia"
"Except I can buy a physical version of GTA V in a brick-and-mortar store for [AU$79](https://www.jbhifi.com.au/games-consoles/platforms/pc/grand-theft-auto-v/292488/), tax included. Having a digital copy cost $16 more than a physical one is ludicrous. Even EB games, which always sells games at the RRP, [is $5 cheaper than steam](https://ebgames.com.au/pc-154039-Grand-Theft-Auto-V-PC)."
"The issue is most people look at minimum wage as if that's the most accurate figure when comparing a cost across multiple countries, but that's not even close to accurate. 

If you go by minimum wage, you assume that the cost of living accrued from all other needs and wants of goods and services are either the same, or balance out. There's no proof for this, and it's somewhat absurd to assume this."
"The issue is most people look at minimum wage as if that's the most accurate figure when comparing a cost across multiple countries, but that's not even close to accurate. 

If you go by minimum wage, you assume that the cost of living accrued from all other needs and wants of goods and services are either the same, or balance out. There's no proof for this, and it's somewhat absurd to assume this."
"It is, but that's not something special about Australian pricing. In Europe, a digital copy costs EUR 60. The physical version is EUR 12 cheaper."
"Streetpasses are insanely easy to get in Japan. I can walk around basically anywhere here and get a full 10, even in small towns. I imagine the cap is to keep playtimes bite-sized, because getting more than that all the freakin' time would be overwhelming, and you wouldn't feel the need to carry it around all the time if you've got a ridiculous amount saved up.

It's another story in America, though, and I agree that it would be cool to be able to collect more when you go to an event where people actually have 3DSs. They created the streetpass relay system because they realized 3DS owners are not passing each other in America like they are in Japan (huge population density difference) but that system is still not helpful if you're not passing a ""Nintendo Zone,"" whatever that is."
That's the thing - the falling dollar over the last year has caused prices to effectively rise by more than 10%. The currency conversion fee just adds to the pain.
That was like saying I should've wait 15 years to get the PSP version of Tactics Ogre instead of getting the original SNES version because it's a same game with ton more added content and better graphics.
I've always enjoyed having to go out of the way to gain extra information about the game's story. Reading tidbits on armours and weapons or even the odd optional boss here and there backed with hidden lore really makes a game for me. 
Which is a load of bullshit. At my old job I was literally half the price as the 21+ employee I replaced. 100% pay at 18.
"Not sure if the source is reliable but I never assumed Atlus games sell very well. They put their heart and soul into these games spanning up to 75+ hours of content in each game, including artbooks and collectibles with each copy, but they never sell as much as the Battlefields and the Cods. I just wish Atlus could give Steam a try and port Persona 4 or release the upcoming P5 on PC. Japanese games have been getting very good reception and sales on Steam. See: Valkeria Chronicles, and all visual novels. "
"It's crazy. It's cheaper to buy the Witcher 3 at JB Hi Fi ($79AUD) than it is to pre-order on steam (20% discount 67.19 USD = 85.15 AUD).

Edit: Didn't realise someone below already wrote this."
"Man the way the Half-Life Series handled the story was just fantastic! No cutscenes, but lots of dialogue.

Edit: Let me add that I prefer silent protagonists. When a character talks, I sometimes go ""I wouldn't say that."" A silent protagonist lets me say whatever I want."
"I'm the writer of that article. It's not ""confirmed,"" but it's ""revealed"" in that, from everything we've known until now, there is no other release window than SEGA's FY 2016 Q3. The possibility of delays are always there, both in Japan and North America. For now, the game is confirmed for a 2015 release in both regions, so that's the assumption from the outset."
"I like, when story is presented, for it to be 3rd person.

The ""We don't have cutscenes, cutscenes"" method like Half Life is jarring to me because your character doesn't emote or respond and rarely talks in a manner that anyone would in real life in that format. Also, since they are pretending they aren't cutscenes because ""You can still hop around like a moron because we didn't take control from you despite you standing around like a moron waiting for the completely unskippable cutscene that isn't a cutscene"" is going on, you just have to suffer through it. Always.

For me, if a game is supposed to be story heavy, I like lots of chatter during ""quiet moments"" during gameplay. Think Saint's Row and GTA 5 both of the dialog and banter presented while you are driving to your mission.

EDIT: I also prefer my character to talk (spoken or text) than the ""silent protagonist"". Nothing is more jarring than everyone talking around you and apparently all your character does is bob his head dumbly, basically be the lassie of the game.

""What's that Link? The Princess has fallen down the well again? Well go get her boy!""

Also, it ruins ""dramatic scenes"" because your character refuses to emote in any appropriate manner. 

EDIT 2: Regarding 1st person - think of the best moments in games like Mass Effect, The Last of Us, or even that one scene in Gears of War 2. Now imagine how much poorer they'd be in 1st person. It's not that it's horrible, but it certainly isn't suited for all story types, especially more serious ones i think."
"Yes....no ""cutscenes"", just many completely unskippable moments where what story there is dumped on you and you have to wait during the ""non-cutscene"" for the game to allow you to move forward.

EDIT: Also want to say, think of the best moments in games like Mass Effect, The Last of Us, or even that one scene in Gears of War 2. Now imagine how much poorer they'd be in 1st person. It's not that it's horrible, but it certainly isn't suited for all story types, especially more serious ones i think."
Both Persona 4 Golden and SMT IV had to wait for months before they finally came out in EU. In SMT IV's case it was nearly a year between NA release and EU. I would honestly be surprised (though happy) if we got it anywhere near the NA/JP release date.
"I have fond memories of getting to know all the codec characters in MGS3. It was fun to do various things in gameplay like equipping a new weapon or other item/camo, eating new food, going to a new area, and then calling up all of the characters to see how or if they would react to it.

GTA IV and V actually have a similar thing, as well. At various stages of the story you can call relevant characters on your phone and they'll have something to say about recent events in the story, either through in-person hanging out or just chatting on the phone. I just wish the game would make it more obvious when you can do this as it's entirely optional and incredibly easy to miss, and the dialogue is well written enough that even fairly trivial conversations are fun to listen to.

The little things do tend to get you more attached to characters than you would otherwise, and since video games are largely self-paced they are able to do these sort of things."
It's AU$60 on ozgameshop.com or $58 for the GOG download: http://www.ozgameshop.com/page/witcher-3-wild-hunt
"I love the StreetPass games but the feature itself just isn't really work if you simply aren't surrounded by many other 3DS owners. That is why it's great that a homebrew solution called Homepass for StreetPass Relay exists. If that ever stopped working, there would be no way I'd still buy StreetPass heavy games."
"Not a spoiler but how Fallout1 did it was pretty much how I enjoy things like this:

1. Explain at the start with a cut scene what the set up for the game is and get the players out into the world very quickly. 
2. Scatter everything around the world and let a lot of it speak for itself. 
3. Also keep things a mystery, give clues, hints at different perspectives which add a huge amount of meat to a story and actually people tend not to do this well at all. Even games that have a great way of storytelling like Skyrim uses a lot of what I like don't hide information or look at perspective right.
4. Sound is great, too much reading can throw people off but overusing sound or what ever sometimes can throw you out of immersion. Like for instance I wouldn't put audio clips for every book in a game with a dynamic like that, id have it so if you want that you can have it but only the most important ones should go in any deeper. That being said instead of audio for some of the more important parts of a story being told in book form like that in a game id say could be done with a cutscene done with basic concept art style like paintings on a wall or have it as a playthrough section if it adds something to how the perspective is narrated to the player. 
5. Get a good balance. Some games have too little in the way of story, some don't put any effort into how its told and just throw lore in our faces, some get a good balance but the story lacks in a way. In that kind of sense if I was making a narrative driven world like Skyrim id get a proper legitimate writer of books to help. The overall story and how it ends up can be worked on as a team with the developers but only writers I think tend to understand the importance of 2 things. 1 is someone not getting the entire picture, seeing it from a particular side of things and either through bias or lack of information the story gets changed. 2 the characters intentionally telling lies to shift the narrative to their own favor. 

These things are subtle but can add so much to a how the story is told and just adds depth and complexity that you seem to never get with games. Although there is a point to be made its hard to make a medium like games interesting when 90% of them are slightly like god fantasies and the rest don't live up on the story side of things. "
"&gt;harmlessly removing the time between using abilities

In what way is this harmless? Now, I haven't played FFXI, but I'd assume it would give you a huge advantage when it comes to just about everything related to PvE (and PvP if FFXI includes that). 

You should be temporarily banned or permanently banned depending on your offense, no matter how old the game is. "
"There are a few different types of story telling methods that get me the most invested, i'll briefly explain them:  
  
* Let the player piece it together: Games like Shadow of the Colossus and Bloodborne really mastered telling very little but saying so much with the use of mystery. Subtle hints and minimal dialogue caused so much interest, to me personally anyway.    

* Character development: I don't really think there is a better example than The Last of Us, and what can I say. That game had millions emotionally invested in their character so much that it brought many to tears, and genuine emotional investment, because they grew attached to the character/s and *believed* their story.  
  
* Don't be **constantly** reminded you are playing a game: Personally, it can drag the immersion back about 50 notches when games tell me over and over to 'collect the parts to unlock this' when it's supposed to be taken seriously, such as collecting the Shards in Dragon Age. Collectibles are great, when done right. Having collectibles contribute to the story is the *right* way of doing this, such as in The Elder Scrolls Series.  
  
  

Anyway they are my personal preferences and opinions. Others may strongly disagree but i'm just throwing out my ideas. Cheers!"
"It'd be great if you mentioned that it is just a rumour at this point in the title somewhere. Almost had a heart attack.

EDIT: Ok this one looks... promising... but I simply cannot believe it after Survivor 2299. someone hold me"
"Corrected title:

**Rumour:** Bethesda hires Guillermo del Toro's production company to create Fallout 4 trailer"
"I disagree. Games like Bioshock Infinite aren't really worth playing without their story elements. If you aren't interested in the story, then you shouldn't play the game at all (if it's story heavy)."
"This.

It's been worthwhile shopping around for some time.  Ozgameshop has proven itself to be a great source of games at reasonable prices.  In AUD.  Their customer service is also really good to deal with.

Source:  Spent close to $500 with them on CD keys alone"
"That just makes absolutely no sense what so ever.

It's not possible for a digital copy to cost more, there is no shelf space, no where near as many employees the power would be the same or less."
"&gt;It's not even funny how much cheaper it is to buy some games in stores.

It's not even funny how much cheaper it is to buy some games ~~in stores~~ online and tax-free from Brazil.."
"Don't be naive, even if Labour win the election, do you actually think they will repeal the changes to GST? Labour likes the money just as much as the Libs, the difference is Labour is a little less obvious about it."
Best part is that it's not limited to games.  A few years ago someone crunched the numbers and found it was cheaper to buy a round-trip plane ticket to the USA to buy a boxed copy of Adobe Creative Suite then it was to purchase it in Australia.
"I think they should just make your entire energy bar replenish without having to drink the potions, maybe make it regen slower though.  I pretty much only used blink/the eye power because it wouldn't drain my energy bar ""just in case I really need those potions later"".  If my whole energy bar refilled without having to worry about that I probably would've experimented with the other powers more."
"You seem to think that prices should solely be determined by the costs to sell them. The reason that digital products sometimes priced higher is because people are willing to pay more if it means they can just stay at home. You basically pay more for the convenience. Plus, physical stores have to drop prices in order to compete with the more convenient digital stores. "
"&gt; I also prefer my character to talk (spoken or text) than the ""silent protagonist"". Nothing is more jarring than everyone talking around you and apparently all your character does is bob his head dumbly, basically be the lassie of the game.

On the other hand - to provide a different opinion - i find very immersion breaking when the character responds in a tone and style different to what i had in mind. As an example, i never liked Booker from Bioshock: Infinite. I get why they went with the talking character this time, but *personally* i preferred the silent character of the first two Bioshock games.

Of course that is because of the 1st perspective. In third person i do not mind it at all since it is a character i'm controlling, not a character i'm supposed to be."
"As I get older, I realize more and more how many important decisions are made by some dude somewhere trying to get it done before lunch."
I wonder how well the writer of this article would like StreetPass if he lived in a place with low population density. As a person living in a rural area StreetPass switches from a good design choice to promote a community of 3DS users to a horrible design choice locking away content. Homepass is just a band-aid fix to a problem that shouldn't exist in the first place.
"Hell yes. I know it's pretty much meaningless, but it feels good just to know it's already downloading even though I can't play it for another 8 days.

EDIT: The extras are available to download too! If you're using the GOG Galaxy client, click the ""more"" button to find them. There are videos, a soundtrack (MP3, and FLAC for audiophiles), printable paper dolls origami things, avatars and art work.

But I'm not hyped. At all. Nope, not me. Just going to sedate myself for a week to make this easier. But I'm not hyped."
"The game sets up this theme of ""constants and variables"".  The Luteces are testing for it throughout the entire game, trying to figure out what's a constant and what's a variable.  For instance, a coin flip at that exact scene early on will always result in heads, no matter how many times they do it.  Throughout the game, you'll have to make these small choices that ultimately have no effect on the outcome of the game whatsoever (like the bird pendant or the cage pendant, whether or not to throw the baseball, whether or not to shoot the clerk), because the choices are all variables and the outcome is a constant.  ""There's always a man, there's always a city, there's always a lighthouse"" is their own way of telling you that these are the things that make a BioShock game, not just being underwater.  This is simultaneously two critiques: that of video game sequels and of choices in video games being ultimately meaningless.

In any other medium, a sequel would feature the same settings or characters, or its events would be a direct result of the previous work.  In video games, like Far Cry for instance, games can often be linked by nothing but mechanics, which is why Colombia starts with so little exposition as to why there are big daddy equivalents and plasmid equivalents.  It is eventually made clear that they are literally opening portals into the other game to pull these ideas out of it.  As to the choices with no consequence, this is a critique of themselves and how poorly they handled the blatant binary choice in the first BioShock (and how little it mattered), much like how the first BioShock was very critical of the player's willingness to blindly follow the voice over your radio, which Irrational used in System Shock 2 as well."
Except according to [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Median_household_income) our median household income is only 3 thousand more than the US 
I was told that the initial NX announcement was a reassurance that Nintendo wasn't bowing out of the console market. The WiiU still has some time left for the 9.5 million of us out there. 
I think it has to do with GOG's system of giving you install files for permanent storage if you so choose.
"It depends on the game. Off the top of my head, the Mii Plaza only allows 10, but I think Smash Bros allows 12, and Pokemon X and Y allow 99. Basically, you can max out Mii Plaza, but still keep getting street passes for other games you have activated."
"&gt; In before everyone goes 'but, your minimum wage is high!'

Nobody will say that, because apparently, steam prices and minimum wage have absolutely nothing in common or are complete opposites of each other.

Our minimum wage sucks in Romania, but we still get price hikes: https://www.change.org/p/valve-corporation-assign-romania-to-its-own-pricing-region-with-its-own-currency

In fact, I think it's more likely that the gaming industry has gotten ""smart"" enough to price games based on the level of piracy in specific countries. Little do they know that this is only going to drive more people to piracy, since our minimum wages aren't going anywhere fast enough that we can afford to pay for Steam games on a regular basis."
"Galaxy isn't mandatory to use. You can download directly from GOG.com too.

At least it's my understanding."
"Then do it? If the market shows it will follow the cheaper plan, then good businesses will take note  and find ways to bring their prices down "
"Mass Effect was a game I found I strongly bonded with in the story telling. The chatter between characters, the story interacting with them and how it evolved was amazingly done. People complain about the end - and I am not to great a fan of it, but I won't let 10 minutes ruin the 200 hours of amazing storytelling I have experienced in the universe.

It was a deep and content filled universe which stories where given to you in cutscenes, collectable texts, off hand conversations and relic discovery. It was really well done. 

I will be honest my 2 favourite series for gameplay are both Zelda and Pokemon but Mass Effect was enjoyable while making it feel like I was reading a really engrossing book.  "
"I respectfully disagree. Half-Life the first one has a very new, at the time, way to tell its story. The dialogues serves to increase the tension, the way it's done serves to change the pace of the experience for the player. Apart from Xen the tension gradually increases the further you go into the game with longer and longer gameplay sequences. I actually don't know how much was planned and how much just happened to be because of the way the game was built/developed.

The fact you're silent is an artistic choice, that to me reinforces the immersion. I hate it when the character has a scripted sequence in a game as free as Half-Life where he says something completely out of character to what I think he should be. Having him silent makes  him less likely to be hated by the player for behaving in a way I don't want. It's like the mycarreer guy on nba what I would pay to have him be a little more litterate and not talk like a 18yo rapper.

Half-Life did it very very well, most of the FPS that tried since failed somewhat even Half-Life 2 with far too long dialogues sometimes. To use a more recent example, the last Wolfenstein despite a very good story and somewhat enjoyable gunfights as long as you don't try to dodge as you cannot, is like 6/8 hours long of gameplay + 4hours of unskipable cutscenes or stupid story-building puzzle and while a very good experience is not a very enjoyable FPS if you're only looking for FPS sensation.

It's like the datapad thingy to give you bits and pieces of story, it's fine when it's either the whole story going through it (System Shock 2) or just completely trivial/ambiance/funny/secrets things (the first FEAR for instance), but having 50% of the story through regular dialogues/cutscenes and 50% through datapads is just bad or lazy writing imo."
"Literally all they said about the NX is that information about it would be released next year, and people expect it to show up at this E3. Same thing with Zelda."
"I loved the Dark Souls (the first one) way to handle the story. A short cinematic at the beginning of the game to get the cosmology explained roughly, then thrown into the world with no explanations. NPCs don't really spell things out for you, you have to actively read item descriptions, pay attention to your surroundings to figure out what happened. I love it because it leaves room for interpretation and it feels so satisfying to see all those small details painting a bigger story! Also it helps with the mysterious and desolate atmosphere for the game.

Narration and gameplay are here bound together. Often when the control is taken away from me for scripted cutscenes, I just wonder ""When am I allowed to play?"" it feels just awful. In this way, gameplay brings the narration and even figuring things out can be seen as a game."
"The first game that came to mind when I read OP's title, was Shadow of the Colossus (so uh, **spoiler alert**)

Reversal of game mechanics is something that is often used to make the player uncomfortable or unwilling to proceed. Games that used this effectively that I can sum up off the top of my head are Hotline Miami in the Hospital level (it's a stealth level where you cannot kill anyone, 2/3rds into the game), or Alan Wake's start of the third chapter (up until that point light was your safe haven, suddenly you need to hide from all the search lights knowing what's out there in the dark).

Shadow of the Colossus took this to another level by bringing in the reversal at the very end in 2 aspects.

You've beaten 16 colossi by that time, and each time you have always seemed the weaker one, David defeating Goliath against all odds. But as you return to the temple, you turn into a Colossus yourself and as you sluggishly try to hit the warriors running around you and taking you down, the feeling of helplessness only gets worse. Each of the 16 colossi underwent the very same fate you did, their health being whittled down bit by bit as they try to simply survive (keep in mind, most Colossi bear no ill towards Wander, HE is the one on a quest to trespass into their home and kill them all).

Another one is the Grab implication. Throughout the game you've been using the R1 button (Grab/Hold on) to climb these hulking colossi and bring them down. This is pretty much an essential game mechanic, you literally cannot defeat any colossus without it. But towards the end (after being defeated as a colossus), you find yourself trying to get a grasp of the floor as you get sucked into the pool vortex. You can press and hold R1 to try and survive, but as your meter depletes you keep tumbling and rolling closer to the vortex. And this is the part that IMO made this game one of the best games ever made: You HAVE to let go of that R1 button. You have to let go of your ambitions to revive your dead girlfriend (princess?), you have to let go of your foolish plans to tempt fate, you have to let go of all your hard ""work"". Just accept that it was all for naught. Wander tried to make a deal with the devil (or well.. an ancient, implied evil God if I'm not mistaken), and will pay the price. 
"
"The first half life I'd agree with you.

Why? Dialogues are short, to the point, and contain or need very little emoting.

Why so different for Half Life 2? Suddenly they are wanting to me truly care about these characters, have multiple people having long conversations with me, and tragic events and people I'm supposed to care about dying. And during all of them I'm apparently a stoic mute who doesn't emote at all on any level.

Again, I agree that it works fine in Half Life - the pacing and tone is just right there. For HL2, not at all. Great post and thank you!"
"Okay, everyone it's time to stay away from ANYTHING witcher 3 related on the internet. Downloading the game from the gog galaxy client if I click under show more on the achievements tab it lists ALL of them! High potential for major spoilers. 

I didn't go through them and quickly minimized after i read the first couple so maybe their all vague sounding but be careful!"
"I'm not sure what you're referring to. These are the facts:

* [Persona 5 is confirmed for a 2015 release in North America.](http://atlus.com/persona5/home.html)
* [Persona 5 is confirmed for a 2015 release in Japan.](http://persona5.jp/)
* Persona 5 will not be releasing before FY Q1 or Q2 2016 (i.e. April to September 2015).

If the game is not delayed, what conclusions would you make from that information?

Oh, and by ""it's not confirmed,"" I'm talking about the release window. SEGA or Atlus have not put out any official press releases about this. ""The game is confirmed"" refers to Atlus having officially confirmed a 2015 release for the game in both regions last year. These are two different cases."
"FYI game has 52 achievements total, at least on GOG Galaxy.

Yes, I took one for the team and counted them."
"I really like the concept of unreliable narrators in video games.  You can do a ton of really interesting stuff with them.  
  
Take Call of Juarez: Gunslinger for example.  If you haven't tried it yet, it's a First Person Shooter.  An old man is telling a story, and you are playing the story he is telling.  He may forget or embellish something and when someone calls him out on it some scenes change in the middle of playing. One part he may be telling a plan he has and you play it out, but then it rewinds and you play it out how it actually went.
  
Other honorable mentions include Metal Gear Solid 2 and Hotline Miami."
"If your games are twice as expensive then you've got a pretty good reason to say fuck you to Steam and get them cheaper no matter how 'corrupt' you think it is.

People wouldn't be doing it if the only difference in pricing between regions was tax, instead Australians get shafted."
"Expecting it to sell any more was absurd. It was a rather niche game, it came after the disaster of Colonial Marines, and 2.11 million games sold is a fantastic number for any game that's not a ""mainstream"" game."
"Dude, that's exactly my main gripe with Half-life. It refuses to have cutscenes for the sake of not having cutscene, so it basically locks you in a room with a guy and you are forced to stay there for as long as the game wants you to because ""hey, we don't need no stinky cutscenes"". It usually ends up with the player bunny hopping around like an idiot or trying to mess with the physics of the game, it doesn't actually adds anything to that  scene, if anything it subtracts from the experience. Take The Last of Us for example, imagine how the cutscenes would be if they were actually controllable like in HL, suddenly they wouldn't be as engaging as they were.

Now, I'm not saying that games should be all about cutscenes, in fact IMO story should be secondary to gameplay. But if a scene doesn't gain anything by being controllable, then it shouldn't be controllable, the reason is that by not being controllable it could be directed and designed to emphasize what's important in the scene and maximize the overall experience. Honestly, saying that games shouldn't have cutscenes because they are games and not movies is like saying games shouldn't have soundtracks because they are games and not music.

As for the third person camera being better to tell stories, I really don't think it boils down to the third person being  intrinsically better but I agree that the better stories nowadays are told in games with third person viewpoints. Probably the reason is that there's still a lot of Hollywood influences in the way video games stories are written."
"I wish I read this before looking at the achievements.  Was on a media blackout for Witcher 3.

**WARNING** IF YOU ARE A HUGE WITCHER FAN DO NOT LOOK AT THOSE FUCKING ACHIEVEMENTS!!"
"Haha, it's nuts how I would save money by buying a majority of my collection overseas and shipping them in individually half way around the world. Beat the bomb are also quite good at times, they buy huge amounts of certain games every so often and sell them quite cheaply too."
"Jesus, companies nowadays have such overly inflated expectations for game sales it's insane. I think I remember Square Enix being disappointed with the Tomb Raider reboot selling a few million copies.
Maybe if devs wouldn't spend so much money on graphics and applying high res textures to the leaves or whatever then games wouldn't cost so much and they'd get a little performance boost as a bonus."
"Yeah, and there really are attorneys that obsess over cases won/lost and do underhanded things to keep their record up. At least from what I heard."
"Alien Isolation was right up there as one of top 5 games of 2014 and it was a great effort for a series debut. I hope Creative Assembly get to make another game in this style, I think they could expand on everything they learned in this game. "
"It really is a shame that it came out directly after the colonial marines debacle. That hurt Isolation good. Every gamer I talked to that was the least bit casual said they were put off by the reviews of CM thinking that it was the same dev team, or they were confused that CM and AI were two different games and decided not to buy. Almost no one I know personally has played it. I would call this game a modern classic and nobody has really taken the time to give it a chance."
"First time I played Okami (borrowed the PS2 disk from my cousin), I was hyped to play that game. That feeling went so fast when I had to sit through the unskippable 5 minute text reading intro. It's not a very good start to tell a story in a video game IMHO by forcing the player to sit and read the background story."
Soon to be the item for which people will point at and angrily ask: 'Why couldn't it of been like that and more?'
"No, no no nononono.  Don't do this to me, Sega, you fucks.  Isolation was my game of the year - the gameplay was tight and fluid, Amanda Ripley was a fantastic character with a lot of growth, the Alien was pants-shittingly terrifying, and the atmosphere of the game itself was absolutely perfect.  It even had a great sequel hook!

Give this game the sequel it, and Creative Assembly, deserves.  It's not like you're having much success with your own schlock like Sonic Boom."
"Don't worry about that mate, it's part of a different thread. Relevant information is always written many times over in discussion threads."
"Exactly, it's a horror game in which you hide from and try to distract an alien.

Horror games is a genre that doesn't sell nearly as much comparability to other genres.

Aliens (the series) is a niche group of fans, comparability to other topics. 

It's a recipe to sell really well to the overlap of those fans, but poorly to everyone else. They spent too much on advertising and on the game, expecting far too much in return"
"&gt; Scatter everything around the world and let a lot of it speak for itself.

IMO, found items which tell the story are the best way to do it. It makes the adventurous players feel rewarded for snooping around and finding a diary or something feel like they're on a hunt. At the same time, the players who couldn't care less for the story aren't being hindered by cutscene after cutscene explaining something they just simply don't want to hear. It accepts both ends of the spectrum and allows all types of players to play"
"I would have trouble calling it ahead of its time considering how it was a simple copy/paste of Battlefield, with reskins and Jedi/Sith added. However, the maps were pretty well-made, and I felt really immersed in the battles. The music helped too.

But the A.I, oh God the A.I, I played with the bots for 15 hours, and either I was fighting against the Stormtroopers from the movies who couldn't land a shot if I was standing in front of them, or elite super-soldiers that insta-killed me each time I turned around a corridor. I wished there was some kind of middle between Normal and Elite A.I."
"Sounds like the Tomb Raider reboot all over again. SE were bleeding money and were counting on TR to put them back in the black. Even though it sold ""poorly"" at 6 million units, it wasn't enough to make up for all SE's other failures and they deemed it's sales performance ""poor"". Sounds like Sega is doing the same thing. Their game division is...not performing well at the moment, to put it kindly."
"Played it again the other day and realized that it aged pretty terribly, it wasn't really that fun to even play. Granted this was pc and back in the day I played on a console, but still."
"Living in Poland and owning a 3DS for a year, I have accumulated a grand total of one pass. Not a small city either."
"I spent hours and hours on this just against bots and friends locally. I think what I loved is the character variety that gave it an eclectic feel that defined Star Wars films (like the variety of characters in the Cantina or Jabbas palace in the original films.) I think this made it distinct from Battlefield. When you have those rolling shielded droids rolling in fighting wookies with vehicles in the background and jedis hacking everyone up it felt like a proper, varied SW battle from a film."
"Just started playing this two days ago and couldn't agree more.  Stylishly shot, animated extremely well, and never overly long.  It really makes me interested in a narrative which is not overly unique or interesting."
"Yeah, now that you mention it, what games have Sega released in the last couple of years that have actually been good? Sonic: Lost World looked alright but I wouldn't know since I don't have a Wii U. They struck gold with Alien: Isolation and they don't even know it."
"Your median wealth per adult blows everyone else out of the water though.

[Look at it](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_wealth_per_adult)."
Maybe they got blinded by all those YouTube reaction videos and thought that there must be many more potential buyers.  
It was an amazing game but there's still so much more they can do with it. Imagine if the Alien crawls up on walls so you have to check ceilings too? Or even just different environments. There's so much potential.
"I mean I guess you could but you literally get those 3 figures, and they will be very pricey for just 3 figures"
"I remember when selling a million copies meant the game became a ""greatest hit""/""Player's Choice"" or whatever and dropped in price."
"I'm having pretty major surgery on my spine on May 18th; the surgeon in our pre-surgery meet up says ""I know for a young man like you it might be hard to refrain from getting up / leaving your apartment for a week, but we are going to have to ask that you take at least five days before attempting to drive / work / do basic physical activity"".  I'm just envisioning my giant sectional, 50"" wall mounted TV, and the Witcher III for daaaaays. Hell yeah, hype train leaving the station!"
Sega is sounding like Square Enix. You have goals that don't align with the market. There hasn't been an Alien movie in years and there certainly hasn't been a good game. To expect more than this is silly. 2 million is a nice number.
"Critical gold maybe, but not commercial gold.

I hope they're making a profit at least. I'd hate to see creative assembly disappear."
"&gt;People complain about the end - and I am not to great a fan of it, but I won't let 10 minutes ruin the 200 hours of amazing storytelling I have experienced in the universe.

Exactly. I still dont understand why so many people say ""Mass Effect 3 is bad game cause ending sucks"". Yet, the 30+ hrs in ME3 that I spend just GETTING THERE were fucking amazing. "
"It was a great game when it came out, which leads to a pretty strong case of nostalgia goggles. 


I tried playing it recently on the PC version. The graphics aren't all that good (which is understandable comparing to now, but they weren't that good compared to games released back then), the weapon / class balancing is nonexistant (lol droidekas), the AI is HORRIBLE and space battles were a mess. Space flight controls were outright bad, and combined with the autoaim hitscan ship turrets, it made the levels a nightmare. Ground battles aren't much better. The AI don't group well, and when they do they get stuck and typically grenaded to death by the enemy masses straight out of Modern Warfare. It's incredibly common to be the last reinforcement alive. 


Hero units are a broken, imbalanced mess. There, I said it. The ones with lightsabers are near unbeatable. The ones without aren't worth playing. 


The sense of progression you get while getting kills and unlocking bonuses (which eventually are permanent) is a nice touch, however. The vehicle variety is also somewhat nice, even if the different vehicles for factions aren't anywhere near the same level. 


The final thing I'm torn on, however. There are enough maps where some of them are REALLY similar. Some maps are heavily biased towards one faction, and others are just a pain to play on for either side. (Looking at you Mustafar). 


I guess it's still worth playing if you have people to play it with, but solo it's just not fun in my opinion."
"Oh they definitely will do a sequel, but since the sales of A:I were so *""weak""*, they'll probably make it *""more accessible to a wider audience.""*

Alien Isolation wasn't only a brilliant game, it was also a very bold game, going for mechanics and ideas that are often regarded as not suitable for the masses anymore(fixed safe points, hard basic dificulty, length.) But it was the right creative decision, and suited the experience very well. 

I'd hate to see the need for sales taking the upper hand in a sequel, but in the end I'm content with A:I as the franchise game I always wanted. It's out there and no one can take it away anymore."
"I can imagine a lot of people who bought it during the last Steam sale wondering what all the fuss is about. To be honest, I didn't think it was anything more than an average online FPS with a great license when it was released."
"I think one of the major reasons people regard this game so highly is because of it's larger scope and completeness in fulfilling that scope. While it doesn't have absolutely everything available from the star wars universe, you never really felt disappointed with what was delivered. 

If the game had you in a space battle, you had full control over which ship you piloted, what your role was in the battle (bombing the frigates, dogfighting, inflitrating the enemy ships, manning the frigate turrets), and how you could go about fulfilling those roles. Compare this to many scripted campaigns in modern first person shooters where the game tries to railroad players into completing objectives (usually via a group of NPCs you have to follow or being put in the gunner's seat of an attack helicopter or something similar), and you really start to feel a lack of freedom. 

The main fear players have about the new game is the possibility of this freedom being taken away. Nobody wants to see a ""Battlefield 4: Star Wars Edition"" come out of the new battlefront game, and I don't blame them. Players want to hear that they can pilot the iconic ships and vehicles in unscripted events. Players want to hear that the maps are as open as they once were. 

"
"Christ only on a gaming sub would I find someone excited to get spinal surgery because it gives them more time to game. Haha best of luck on your surgery man, enjoy that recovery time - hopefully you aren't zonked out on pain meds during it! You're funny. "
"The Total War series is decently successful. They also have the Yakuza series that is insanely popular in Japan and has a decent niche audience in the west.  
The Shining series and Phantasy Star are still going in Japan and are pretty successful, Hatsune Miku Project Diva is arguably one of their biggest franchises (Though mostly popular in Japan).

Sega Sammy Holdings (the parent company) also owns ATLUS, so you can count Persona Q, too. Persona 4 Dancing All Night and Persona 5 should be successful too, as Persona is incredibly popular in Japan and has a sizeable fanbase in the west.

However, like Konami, the SEGA group makes most of its money from pachinko and gambling."
"I've been hesitant to let myself get excited for a possible announcement, but this may just do it for me...

While certainly not confirmation, there's not much other explanation for this guy to have that on his LinkedIn page.

And if true, E3 can't come soon enough."
"BioShock (the original) did the first-person story thing very well in my opinion. So did Portal. It *can* be done, just takes some creativity and effort."
"Another of his interesting tweets:

https://twitter.com/fiddlecub/status/597640247128641536

&gt;Just now finished The Witcher 3's story after 100 hours of play or so. There is much to say."
I don't even live in a low population area yet if I don't go out of my way to the local Best Buy I get maybe 1 Streetpass a week. 
"Bioshock you are being manipulated by others and you are honestly a drone being controlled by others. Your only real choice in the game is how you treat the little sisters (and that choice is presented very well from a 1st person perspective).

Portal, again, is similar. You are a mute drone who never speaks, but you aren't the real star. GlaDoS is. You are simply there to move the story.

It can indeed be done well - but not in the way games like HL2 want to do it. The story has to fit that way of showing it. If you want an emotional game, it'll always be inferior from 1st person, especially if you don't talk.

Brothers works with no dialog because you get to see the brothers physically emote and work together. 1st person wouldn't work there no matter the gameplay. 

It's not my preferred method and you are absolutely right it can be done well, in certain conditions, IMHO."
"Wait, how is *steam* pricing themselves out of the market? They're not the ones imposing the 10% tax hike."
"Yeah. I'm pretty confused. Is 2 million considered bad? I mean, it's a niche game with a tarnished brand (for the gaming community at least), so 2 million doesn't seem too terrible to me?

Do companies just expect every game to sell at COD levels? It often feels that way."
Except it's not multiplayer.  It's as single player content that requires you to be in the proximity of other 3DS owners to add to the single player experience.
"2.11 million shipped is as good as sold to SEGA, games aren't sold on consignment. Distributors buy the games wholesale from SEGA and then turn around to sell them in stores/online. SEGA has already been paid when a copy ""ships"", whether or not it sells in stores is not SEGA's problem.

Edit: It's only SEGA's problem insofar as the idea that if a game does not sell well in stores, distributors will be less likely to buy SEGA's next game."
"It's too late for many of us 

Edit: Appearantly sites that are reporting this, are being told to take down reports on the incident because Mirada Studios claims it breaks their NDA contract. So yes the hype continues to grow. "
"[Just going to leave this here...](https://twitter.com/JimSterling/status/597769975517081600)

Konami, I am seriously disappointed. I really am...."
"[**@JimSterling**](https://twitter.com/JimSterling/)

&gt; [2015-05-11 14:27 UTC](https://twitter.com/JimSterling/status/597769975517081600)

&gt; So Konami hit @superbunnyhop with a takedown strike. Like to compound your guilt any further, fuckers? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMK-kajdgMA&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;a

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)
"
"Rob, that's not 'pricey' for LEGO figures.

Some rare figs go for $150 for _just_ the fig. Some figs even go for $2,000+ because of the absurd level of rarity associated with them."
"Probably not. If you couldn't be bothered to adjust/learn then, I don't see why you would now. Unless your mentality has changed, which only you can know."
"&gt; 2.11 million shipped is as good as sold to SEGA

It also means distributors will buy much less copies of the next game of the franchise. It was a short term success, but in the end, it is the number of copies sold and not number of copies shipped that determines whether the franchise is still viable."
"The levees have broken. It could be another vicious cycle of hype and heartbreak, but there's only one way to find out..."
"Well, I've been waiting and testing for about 7 months now in a hellish ever changing landscape of pain with this injury. 3 spinal injections, 6 weeks of physical therapy, a whole host of pain medication and steroids have led me up to FINALLY getting the procedure so yeah, I'm turbo excited. I want to situate myself on the couch, have maybe a 2 gallon bucket of porridge to keep me alive, and some sort of bedpan situation so I don't even have to slug my corpse to the bathroom. 

Gerault, my muse, I shall live vicariously though thee.  "
Those are like the extremely rare ones though. I personally think that these would be pricey for just the figs seeing that you would be paying around $30 to miss out on the actual functionality of them.
hopefully someone keeps an archived harddrive so they can upload in 15 years when we have a working ps4 emulator
"&gt; Those are like the extremely rare ones though.

Not necessarily. 


[This fig](http://i.imgur.com/zExZL8o.png) found in set 10123, Cloud City, goes from anywhere from $100 to $200, I've seen it go to upwards of $500... _just_ for the fig. 

The set has been discontinued, but it had a massive production run.

The reason it's so expensive?  The figure was an update to the initial model and is one of the few figs with printed designs on the arms and legs. "
"Those games don't sell huge numbers either, plus I think Rome 2 was kind of broken at launch and got a lot of hate."
"Wasn't the Saints Row 2 version on PC absolutely terrible?

I'm glad it's getting a performance patch but they should probably put that on all versions..."
"Either Konami is dumb enough to not remember Day One: Garrys Incident or they're hoping that DMCA'ing this sort of thing will buy them time while they burn their company to the ground.

I honestly don't know which is worse."
"Although I do agree that it will be a shame to see the game become ""more accessible"" you have to admit that after the first Alien movie, the franchise basically became an all out kill fest. So, it would be kind of hard to reproduce the same atmosphere of hiding from an alien on your own when in all the other movies there was way more action and people being killed left and right.

That said, I could see something like Alien 3 working quite well for the survival horror fan.  Since the player and the prisoners don't have traditional weapons it could be fun to have to set traps for the alien and try and get it to funnel into the metal molding area. "
"It's probably GOG's own work on it in cooperation with Deep Silver, a lot of them games they sell have custom fixes or optimized DosBox profiles."
"It's not bad, it's just they spent way too much on it. More money than they'd ever be able to make back on a game like this, probably."
"I actually think Half-Life and Half-Life 2 did 'cutscenes' quite well, for the time. They allowed you to seamlessly move between sets and react in ways that felt natural (looking over to a strider and hearing dialogue for example, or reacting to being brought into a torture room that is actually a cover-up). Being in control allows the player to be genuine and in the scene. 

A lot has changed since then, mostly by Naughty Dog and their aim to make games more cinematic. There are plenty of these 'in control cutscenes' in The Last of Us, but they are handled much better. ie. At the beginning of the game when you are walking through the city with Tess, When you are walking Ellie to the safehouse at the beginning of the game, When play as Ellie and walk with Joel at the end of the game. Hell, most of the prologue could have been a cutscene. These are all scenes that don't really demand inputs by the player to progress the scene, but are enhanced by the player's control nonetheless. They don't feel like cutscenes because generally they offer some sort of additional perspective from being controlled. They aren't as ridiculous as Half-Life because movement is generally restricted ie. you move and turn slower, characters will react if you move off the path or go towards a different point of interest. 

IMO The Last of Us does the in-game cutscenes very well, but I don't think it is BECAUSE it is a 3rd person game. I think that in-game cutscenes are valuable and that we could see 1st person cutscenes done just as well. "
"To anyone using Galaxy:

This is when you need to tell CDPR about bug's &amp; fuck up's etc.

The system should be stressed and they'll need to know about problems."
Pretty sure the voice of Three Dog has alluded to it being worked on over 2 years ago. Rumors that Bethesda had been scouting Boston etc. Bethesda is actually doing an E3 show for the first time. Too many things line up. I'd be surprised if we *didn't* get a FA:4 announcement. 
This sort of makes me sad; evidence of a cinematic trailer sort of lends credence to the rumour earlier this week saying that gameplay would be shown behind closed doors. 
Also if experiencing download speed issues run this and give GOG some data: http://www.gog.com/2015_cdn_test
"Basically youtube lets companies take down videos for DMCA violations even if there aren't any DMCA violations and the video is entirely fair use, like a video game review would be or a video critical of a specific person/company.  
  
They have something like two weeks to do something or other with the actual legal system or the video comes back.  
  
In the mean time, the account that uploaded the video gets a takedown strike and has a lot of limitations placed on it.  

Konami and many other morally shitty developers have been using them more to silence criticism than to actually enforce copyright.  
  
superbunnyhop is someone who made a video critical of konami.  
"
This just goes to show how important it is that the model GOG proposes of allowing you to download the installers for any game you own any time you want succeeds. 
"Erik Todd Dellums, as great as he is, has been known to use Fallout 4 as a way to stay relevant. I doubt he knows anything about it. "
"""When you tear out a man's tongue, you are not proving him a liar, you're only telling the world that you fear what he might say.""

I am actually pretty curious now that if all the claims are actually genuine since Konami took the video down and from what I see, looks like the claims are valid if they went on their way to take it down."
"&gt; Maybe if devs wouldn't spend so much money on graphics and applying high res textures to the leaves or whatever then games wouldn't cost so much and they'd get a little performance boost as a bonus


If they don't do that, you get the current tony hawk controversy where every one is complaining about how shitty the game looks for it's first screen shots."
"It's like the company is run by teenagers, holy fuck. Burn every bridge in order to say ""NO I'M RIGHT!"", fuck Konami."
"I mean... a second Alien Isolation game doesn't need to have game-play representative of the *Aliens* movie, just because it would be the second game, and *Aliens* was the second film.  That doesn't even make any sense. It wasn't made to be a movie tie-in..."
"I think he's saying that, given limited resources, after a certain point, graphics are far less important than other aspects of gameplay.  Yeah, it's nice to have high res textures on leaves, but we'd rather that time, effort, and money be spent on other aspects of the game."
"One of Jim Sterling's other Jimquisition videos tears into Konami a bit for all the morally shitty stuff they do, as well as describing all the terrible business decisions they make.  
  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynl4sIFazmM
  
Skip to about 1:37 if you dislike his youtube persona nonsense.  "
"&gt; Oh they definitely will do a sequel, but since the sales of A:I were so ""weak"", they'll probably make it ""more accessible to a wider audience.""

With the Alien franchise, they have one of the few viable built-in excuses for taking a horror franchise and turning it into a vague action thing."
And ironically CDPR (owners of GOG) are the ones that did the PC port of Saints Row 2 in the first place. Now that they finally fixed it you'd hope they wouldn't keep the fix exclusive to their own store. 
Your name leads me to assume you are a collector. Does the whole Lego dimensions thing have you excited?
"Fairly sure that Konami don't want to make big video games any more.

Their casino gaming business makes them tons more money, and they are set to be the top dog in Japan within this sector when it opens up this year.

In the mean time they have just lost all motivation to improve their current IPs and maintain any kind of credibility within our industry."
The company is run by people who are trying to get out of the video game business and into gambling supposedly. 
"Your assumption is correct. I think my family has spent over $10,000 in LEGO in my lifetime. We started in the early 70s when my older brother was young and we still collect. :) 

---

As far as Dimensions goes, I'm cautiously optimistic. I love where they're taking it because it assures the LEGO Group will have more flexibility with the licenses they're obtaining, which in turn will grant more fun sets to build in the future, but I'm very worried about the ""game"" component. *IF*, and that's a mighty big if, Telltale Games is handling the gaming component, they've proven themselves more than capable to develop stellar LEGO titles^*, so I'd be all for it, but I have no word, even in my collector circles of who is behind the game development. So, short answer: Cautiously optimistic with a dash of worry. :)


*I _love_ [LEGO Marvel™ Super Heroes](http://store.steampowered.com/app/249130/)."
"2.1 million is pretty weak when you take into account that's across *5 different platforms.* That's only about 400k per system and A:I was a high production title with a lot of money and effort put into it. Multiplatform titles aren't cheap you know and a lot of games sell over 2 million just on a single system let alone 5.

Not to mention the possible price cuts they had to make to meet that. Its been months since the game released and there have been some pretty extreme sales for it. 2 million sales at $30 is not the same thing as 2 million sales at $60. "
"Morrowind and Dark Souls style. 

The story is as deep as you're willing to hunt for information. Morrowind's main quest is one of the best written things I've seen in the gaming medium. But, a lot of it is there for you to piece together on your own. If you don't give a shit, you can just see it as, Vivec is kind of a dick, but Dagoth Ur is a REAL dick! and leave it at that. 

So, I like when stories are realistic. They're inconsistent, there's different versions, and different people reacting to them differently. And it's not all spoon fed to you like you're some kind of toddler like in Oblivion. ""You're the one from my dreams!"""
"Not exactly. Retailers have the right to return an unopened non-perishable product for full refund.

There is usualy a limit on how many.

Example: Best Buy ordered 500,000 copies across various platforms in physical (non-DL code) form. They sell 300,000. Their contract with Sega allows for only 100,000 copies of ANY product to be returned. Lots of the time, because its a popular game, they will hold onto them. Those copies can be in store bundled or sold in sale bins. A high demand low profit item that will eventual sell is better than a high profit low demand item that may never sell. So, they ship back 100,000 copies of Sonic Transformed on Vita. 

Source: I did this for RadioShack in the early 2000s. So many hours spend shuffling copies of Madden."
"I'm not a greedy man. Just acknowledge that it exists and give me a time frame of when it'll be in my hands, and I'll be a happy camper."
"Sorry to hear about the surgery, and good luck!  
A quick suggestion:  
Keep a notepad handy, I played Dark souls 2 right after an operation, and some of my observations while doped up on pain meds were remarkably entertaining once I was off the pills.  Also a notepad will help you keep track of things while on the pain meds.  "
"&gt; with a tarnished brand (for the gaming community at least)

Prometheus wasn't super popular on the movie side, either.

(...even though I thought it was excellent &gt;_&gt;)"
"Although I empathize, the Half Life 3 crowd is starting to look like a bunch of Cubs fans waiting for a World Series. "
"Wow, really impressive footage. [The Early Access page](http://store.steampowered.com/app/346110) is up on Steam. I'm trying to find more about the developers, Studio Wildcard, but my Google Fu is failing me. "
"It is happening though, there is a fallout 4, which is why everybody is getting hyped so easily, it's coming, everyone knows it's coming, we are just waiting for Bethesda to say something about it."
"You can't sell a game ""everyone will play"", when it comes to an established movie/book/etc. franchise. Most people with a dislike for LOTR, won't buy LOTR games even if the genre suits them. This goes even more when the (niche) movie franchise is tied to a niche genre, like survival horror. Your target audience in such a case are always the franchise fans. The IP itself is already capable of attracting a significant number of those fans, but the game itself has to shine as well. Not only to please the fans, but also to attract other potential buyers, through positive media and reviews.

No one wins when it comes to mediocrity. The publisher doesn't win because the reviews are not too favorable, therefore only franchise fans will *definitely* buy the game, and the devs can put a mediocre game on their CV, which will spark comments like *""Those guys are making it? I looked at their wikipage, and well, it doesn't look too promising. Let's see how this turns out.*""

You can make a good *Alien* game, and you can make a good horror game. A:I combines both in excellence. In the end I want to point out that SEGA already tried to make an Alien game for the ""action oriented"" masses. That game was the disaster called Alien: Colonial Marines(which sold only 1.31mil copies.) SEGA should be very pleased with Alien Isolation. It was a game that pleased both, fans and critics, and proved to be more successful than their last experiment with the franchise."
"I'm trying to stay optimistic here. If CA is forced to crank up the action for a sequel, if there is a sequel, then maybe we'd end up with the game that Colonial Marines was supposed to be. Being heavily armed, but facing an onslaught of aliens that have the imposing presence and AI of Isolation's xenomorph? That'd be nice."
"That's a pretty good idea! I've had quite the tour of medication thus far in the process from various combinations of muscle relaxers, opiates, high dose pain medication, and things of that nature. I had a stark moment about halfway through the process while taking a high dose of Codeine where my arms suddenly felt like they were operating autonomously from my will (typing on keyboard, bringing drinks to my mouth) and I was suddenly super grateful for how much hard work they put in and how little I thank them. "
"What a fucking fantastic trailer.

Really looking forward to hearing more on this, the trailer has me hooked.

Dodos, dinosaurs, a mysterious story, dragons...sign me up!
I really liked how it sets you up to think it's set in the past and then you see that chip in your arm on the beach and as the trailer goes on it reveals more about how it's not actually the past and such. Can't wait to find out what's going on."
"Seriously, what the fuck is going on at Konami at this point? It's like they're trying to memory hole the entirety of their involvement in the gaming industry."
"Thanks for that insight. I would have thought that most publishers would put a ""No refunds"" clause into their contracts (assuming it isn't a legal requirement of them to offer a refund, which it very well might be), but I can see why stores would oppose that. I wonder how the concept of refunds in that manner works for an online only retailer, such as Steam."
"Right? Why don't they just sell the rights to somebody else, so that it doesn't have to be treated this way? If they don't care about making further money😊, why keep it? "
Or they remembered SEGA which did it and never even had to appologise to the people which got the strikes on their channel.
"They just don't care.  They control enough of the marketplace where they don't really have to worry about losing major supporters, so they're free to do as much shitty stuff as they want as long as it makes things slightly more comfortable for them.  
  
Most big YouTube ecelebs have gotten accustomed to bending over and accepting it."
"He's covered by fair use, his video was critical commentary and discussion about the works being presented.

I thought we were past this childish bullshit from game companies on youtube?

He actually did some high quality investigative journalism too. So what the fuck? Konami."
"Are you really under the impression that the Garrys Incident incident made a big enough impact to people outside of relatively small internet message boards? I would almost bet no one has even heard of the game there, let alone the controversy surrounding it. And even then, to have it affect what they do as a company is even more nonsense."
"But the rumour stated the gameplay would be behind closed doors. Again, take the rumour with a large scoop of salt, but it does make me a bit nervous."
"a lot of the shooting mechanics look rough as hell. i don't buy that this'll be how the final game looks, but hey, Far Cry 4 looks pretty damn good. "
I think it had footage of P.T. from what people are saying? Grounds are shaky (and bullshit) as fuck.
"Did anyone else enjoy taking Ki-Adi-Mundi on the highly secret mission which had to be done quietly behind Ki-Adi-Mundi's back?

""If thi ken be foo'd, thi ken be kiwd."" - some 501st guy."
"Doesn't change too much.

Zenimax through Bethesda Softworks has two flagship IPs, spanning engines and platform generations, and that's Fallout and The Elder Scrolls.

Skyrim [simply crushed sales expectations](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Elder_Scrolls_V:_Skyrim#Sales) given the past performance of what was largely only a PC title before (in the same way FO3 made them [oodles of money](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fallout_3#Sales) despite being an acquired *actually* PC only IP.


They're simply not going to stop making Elder Scrolls and Fallout games, in the same way Microsoft would be retarded to stop the Minecraft/Halo train, or Valve would be retarded to say ""Yeah, we're *only* going to focus on new Source titles, the DLC content sales for our titles are just so *boring*""

You know how the Skyrim theme was just a reworked Oblivion theme was just a reworked Morrowind theme? 

They kept something from 2002 and used it in 2011, and will reuse it in 2018/2019 because *it will help with branding, product expectations, keeping core fans* and making them shit tons of money.


Fallout 4 is coming - - there's going to be laser guns, and power armor (maybe not Enclave or Brotherhood, though), Space Gordon style 50's Americana, and maybe some new monsters like how we got Cazadores and Tunnelers instead of Wanamingoes, and it'll be great, they'll debut it, and it'll be *right there for you to buy* after you've gotten excited about all the press releases and trailers.


[Boom, here it is!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRb5opLHTTQ#t=0m15s)

and they'll make a shit ton of money, again. It's great.


Fallout 4 will happen, don't worry about it.

"
"Short form: early access game did not deliver as promised, was called out on it, creator blew up, cue Streisand effect"
I'm excited to hear del Toro doing anything game-related at all. He's had such rotten luck breaking into the gaming scene.
"Snippet from my original post about it:    
  
&gt;I think at one point I have a bout 4 pages talking about the sound effects different weapons make when enchanted, and at one point I spend a few paragraphs talking about how the sun sword summons solaire if you input the right sequence of attacks... I don't know if I meant it would summon him in game or in real life because next I talked about how awesome solaire is at project management. Theres a footnote about the masterless glencour getting killed by vendors before he can do anything useful. I also imply that they ripped off the varangian sword from RUNE (a truly ancient and venerable pc title). I spend several paragraphs explaining the advantages for straight swords of installing a usb hub between the ps3 and your controller (does that even work?)
Even worse my spelling, punctuation, and grammar were atrocious.  
  
"
"The guys from Giantbomb said on their Bombcast that it will very likely be announced at E3. I do remember Brad saying that he was thinking it would be released this year, but Jeff said it will probably just be an announcement saying that it will be coming in 2016.

Edit: I listened to it again. It was at 2:48:00 of their last podcast. They were responding to an email a user had sent in asking what do they think is most likely to be at E3. Watch dogs 2/cyberpunk 2077/Fallout 4. They all responded Fallout 4. ""1000%"" said Brad. 

""Indications indicate, that Fallout 4 is coming"" -Jeff

""I feel like I have heard enough people in the industry just say that phrase at this point, and I never know if they are all just assuming, or if they know something"" -Brad

It's still all rumors really, but they feel pretty strongly that something is coming"
"The Half-Life 3 crowd was also given a video of Gabe trying to gently break it to them that Valve is done creating games in that manner, and they didn't understand it. So they are to blame somewhat, if they're still waiting."
"Just on the note of the Jedi characters. You're completely right about there being no point in being anyone but Jedi, Princess Leia was one of Heroes and she was fuckijg awful, she has some one handed blaster and I just couldn't figure out why she was worthy of being a hero character. Even the Sith were pretty much just better than the Jedi, as the Jedi had force push, but the Sith had lightning and force choking and stuff.

It was good when I was 14 or so but these faults are a lot more noticeable now that I've grown up some."
"A false DMCA claim can be taken to court regardless of Youtube. They can't just censor his video to appease a company. It has extremely strict laws applied to it, including false DMCA's."
"Yeah I've said this before. Co-op/online doesn't typically work in horror-survival games but it could actually work in this case since the Alien is basically an instant-death machine. You'd still goof off with friends, but it'd still be scary as the threat can't just be dealt with like something in Dead Space or Resident Evil.

A competitive game mode where you have to get to a 1-person escape pod whilst racing against three or four other players (and taking the Alien into account) could be amazing. You could plant noisemakers so the Alien finds your opponents or lock someone in a room with it. If you die, you start at the beginning. Bonus points if levels are randomly procedurally generated."
"This sort of behavior is nothing new for Konami, sadly.

In late 2013, Konami was the console publisher for Skullgirls. Konami delisted Skullgirls around the end of the year, much to the developers' displeasure. [Konami told the developers (Lab Zero Games) that they'd make the relisting process easier if they signed a lifetime gag order that'd prevent them from telling other people what shitty publishers they were](https://twitter.com/Skullgirls/status/597581781278334976). Lab Zero didn't sign, and it took another month or two for Skullgirls to return to the console marketplaces. They had to break ties with Konami to do so."
"&gt;Valve didn't get sued, there's been no action on the case since last year

That could not be more wrong. The parties have been at required mediation to attempt to resolve the matter before. Further, there is a directions hearing today (9:30am AEST) in which some matters in terms of enforceability will be hopefully be resolved.

https://www.comcourts.gov.au/file/Federal/P/NSD886/2014/actions"
"I agree with you but the issue is what are going to happen to the IP's? MGS, Silent hill these are famous videogames with a dedicated fanbase. I am not saying Konami should keep making them since they are making a shit ton of cash elsewhere, but what about the games? Are they going to be locked up forever? Will they be sold off to a publisher who cares?

Plus what they are doing to Kojima is pretty bullshit.
"
Getting away from gaming isn't burning your company to the ground when they make more money making Pachinko machines.
"&gt;...DMCA'ing this sort of thing will buy them time while they burn their company to the ground.

They are categorically not burning their company into the ground. It seems clear they will produce only 2 core video game properties going forward (MGS &amp; Pro Evolution)

They are more than a games company. Much more even; George's video covered that too."
"&gt;while they burn their company to the ground.

They don't give a fuck about video games anymore and want to get out. Do you really believe a company heavily invested in completely different parts than just gaming, and according to rumors starting to profit off of the legalizing of gambling in Japan, will ""burn to the ground"" because of a Youtube DMCA claim?"
"portal is the first lego videogame set, apart from the hugely popular minecraft sets. Lego has always denied making videogame sets in the past, even on their IDEAS website were users can submit set ideas. Hopefully now they will make a zelda set."
"I emailed the guy that he should take that off his live profile, considering the media attention. Not long after, the Fallout 4 trailer no longer appeared--but screenshots are forever.

To me, this is pretty strong evidence that it's authentic. Dude's probably scrambling to cover his ass at this point.

Lesson: Don't post anything on your known internet account that you don't want everyone to see, especially if you've signed an NDA and even if you're not very well-known or popular."
"I feel like there's a better chance of there being a FO4 than a HL3. Personally, I'd prefer a FO4. I'm sort of over the HL series."
"Wasn't this game supposed to be a mix of ""moba"" and more classic RTS? I heard about it years ago. I guess they gave up on innovation."
"Yes, a lot of Redditors who are only familiar with how businesses operate from a high school/college student video game consumer's perspective do think that this is a the equivalent of ""burning it to the ground""."
"Bloody hell that could open up another kettle of fish. Exclusive sets for certain consoles. However with Nintendo being buddies with Knex, and Halo being with Mega Bloks it seems unlikely to happen"
Japanese companies see the world differently. I guess we should be grateful that Nintendo has been holding onto its roots as long as it had (even though that often backfires).
"The film/show? Yeah it's alright but the books are awesome and so much more.

Also, James Gurney's art in the books is just amazing.
http://imgur.com/a/kKEuP#0"
What I don't understand is while I love Superbunnyhop's videos the Konami video wasn't really viral. The dude only has 100K subscribers (which is criminal if you ask me he deserves so much more) so why the takedown? Who actually thought this was a threat or harming Konami's image? If anything now more people are going to hear about this and try and find mirror links and hell maybe get George more attention than he ever would have gotten. I just don't understand whoever filed the takedown what they were thinking? If the video had views in the millions maybe I would understand but from what I remember the video wasn't as viral as it should have been. 
Do Nintendo games count? Because the hype for Sm4sh and Kart were off the charts for months before their respective releases. I rarely came across anybody posting about how fans should slow the hype train down. 
"Can anybody find where they are getting this ""quote"" from?  It [seems like it comes from here](https://www.segasammy.co.jp/english/ir/library/pdf/settlement/2015/201503_4q_tanshin_e_final.pdf):

&gt; In the consumer business, the Group launched titles such as “Alien: Isolation” and “Ryu ga Gotoku 0: Chikai no
Basho” in the packaged game software field. Although a year-on-year increase in total volume of packaged
software sales of 12,300 thousand copies, which includes 4,950 thousand copies in the U.S., 5,200 thousand
5 copies in Europe, and 2,140 thousand copies in Japan, performance in the field was weak due to the harsh
market environment.

ok let's go on..

&gt; On the other hand, in the field of digital game software for mobile phones, smartphones, and PC downloading,
the entire field of digital game software remained strong, backed by favorable results in the existing titles
including “Ange Vierge” and “SAKATSUKU Shoot！ ,” in addition to the online RPG “PHANTASY STAR
ONLINE 2,” and the major titles including “Puyopuyo!! Quest” and “CHAIN CHRONICLE – Kizuna no
Shintairiku.” Meanwhile, on the pachinko and pachislot game website for mobile phones and PCs, the
smartphone version of “777TOWN” and service for DeNA Co., Ltd.’s “Moba7” were enhanced.
Also, the number of titles distributed domestically in the field of digital game software as of March 31, 2015
was 117 (including 65 Pay-to-play types and 52 Free-to-play types).
In the toy sales division, the Group implemented the sale of such as “Anpanman Series” and “Jewelpod Series,”
however the toy sales division as a whole performed weakly.
In the animated films division, distribution revenue from theater film “Detective Conan: Dimensional Sniper”
and license revenue and revenue from merchandise sales from the TV series “Yowamushi Pedal” were favorable.
As a result, net sales in this segment were ¥111,757 million (an increase of 11.2% from the previous fiscal year)
and operating income was ¥4,033 million (an increase of 93.1% from the previous fiscal year).

So basically it's a statement about packaged software vs downloadable software."
"This is what we got instead of another Sins of a Solar Empire expansion.  Or even Sins of a Solar Empire 2.

woo.

I mean I can't blame them for chasing the moba cash cow... well I can blame them and I will but I understand why a business would do that.

It's just a bad idea.  Baaad~.  Like making the wow killer/wow clones was.  The only people that are going to find success in the moba genre now are companies like blizzard who have large established fanbases and/or communities that will want to play their game over lol/dota."
"Really hard to find info on them, seems to be their fist game, all i found:

&gt; Studio Wildcard was co-founded in 2014 by Jesse Rapczak, former Technical Art Director at Microsoft Game Studios, with the mission of bringing AAA quality to ambitious indie productions designed for core gamers. With 12 years of industry experience across multiple independent and studio-backed titles, Jesse has teamed up with other veteran developers for a Seattle-based development studio that also includes distributed team members across multiple continents. Wherever talented, driven developers may reside, Studio Wildcard intends to seek out and work with them!"
"♪*Do what you want, cause a pirate is free,*


*YOU ARE A PIRATE!*


*Yar har, fiddle di dee,*


*Being a pirate is alright to be,*


*Do what you want cause a pirate is free,*


*You are a pirate!*♪"
"Maybe, maybe not. Witcher 1 was unplayable on launch. Witcher 2 was very buggy. There's a reason both games have an enhanced edition. I hope CD Projekt has learned from past mistakes and this will be a solid launch."
I would call him what he is a critic. Also I wouldn't say he made fun of the game and trashed it for sucking and he didn't make fun of the devs. Totalbiscuit (TB) critiqued the game as it was a bad game and the dev filed a dmca claim on the video. TB then made a video explaining how bs the claim was and how the devs were stupid for filing the claims .
"This is nuts, I bet it was because Jimquisition mentioned George in one of his videos about Konami. Konami has a big fat hate boner for Jim and probably took out George just because he was mentioned."
"It's been like 6 years since TB has actually done a real let's play, so calling him a Let's Player is just flat out wrong but also detrimental in this case given that it was a case of Devs trying to take down and silence (review) critique of their game and weren't just trying to shut down some random let's play video.  
You should've just called him a games critic or even reviewer, and while he objects to being called the latter it still is the closest traditional description for him and his usual content."
"I agree single player is weak. Definitely a multiplayer game. But oh my god the map balancing was so bad on some of them. About a year ago, my buddy and I dusted off a copy to play a Galactic Conquest. After about 5 turns it was obvious I was gonna win, but then came Polis Massa. I could not take that fucking glorified boulder. The match lasted like 10 hours and almost every one of my turns was buying upgrades and attacking it. If I was actually a commander in that universe, I probably would have just blown it up from orbit after the 3rd or 4th attempt."
"Nowhere close, GTA V had over 7 million pre-orders. 

And the ""never pre-order"" movent is not massive, you just hear about it a lot here on /r/games. If anything pre-order numbers are only going up."
While TotalBiscuit can be a cock from time to time he does legitimately review them with a purpose. Not just to 'trash' them.
You know why that changed? Because video games didn't cost $30-50 million to make back in the early 90s.
This doesn't necessarily mean del Toro will be directly involved in Fallout 4. They're just hiring a company he helped found to create a trailer.
"I'm sure they are leaving the industry, wouldn't be surprised to see an announcement that basically says 'Guess what, series like castlevania, silent hill, metal gear,   they are all dead, you'll never see another one of these games again,' hell, i'd be surprised if they let the IP's just rot and refuse to sell them at this point just to spite us.  That's what i'm seeing from them right now"
"Not to promote *modern* warfare. War and battles have always been part of LEGO ever since they introduced minifigures and knights.

LEGO is perfectly okay with Star Wars afterall."
"Yeah pretty much. For every person on Reddit not pre-ordering there are 3 other people that pre-order and haven't even heard about any ""never pre-order movement""."
"Yeah its never coming, 10 years is too long, Valve cant actually make it at this point, no matter what they release, it cant live up to they hype  now."
"Mirror from the neogaf thread: http://m.neogaf.com/showthread.php?t=1044229

Youtube Mirror: https://youtube.com/watch?v=YNSVhbsJyDQ

Dropbox Link: https://www.dropbox.com/s/cbyvrrfyx1mp13i/Kojima%20vs.%20Konami%20An%20Investigation.mp4?dl=0"
"That's me, I want games that look amazing because I spent money on a machine that is able to make games look amazing. Sue me."
"&gt;  I would almost bet no one has even heard of the game there, let alone the controversy surrounding it

http://i.imgur.com/qmk0nCg.png &lt; over 4 million views. that's a little more than what you can get from ""relatively small internet message boards"".

seriously you have posted a lot in this thread and almost everything you've said has been wrong. maybe, dial it back a bit and do a little research before posting again?
"
"The funny thing is that since the DMCA, it will attract more people to watch the video than before. In this day and age, I don't understand people that think this sort of crowd control works"
"This. We will all have gameplay in the future, what all of us want to know is when. We know we are getting a fallout story that plays like Skyrim, made for current gen. That's all we need confirmed. "
"None, which is why after a couple weeks the video will come back with the mark removed from the account.  
  
YouTube's the one with the ""shoot first, question later"" policy when it comes to this sort of stuff."
"Yeah it really seems that way, but it still seems like they are going about it weirdly. If theyre just trying to back out of the gaming industry, why would they go to the entire metal gear backlog and pull kojimas name off it? Granted they reinstated it after public backlash, but still."
"Actually, yeah, you're right. This is like the one time ever where this sort of genre transformation would actually be honoring the franchise *more so*"
"Then people need to put their money where their mouth is. You can't want hi-def graphics, engaging stories and characters, and unique ideas and gameplay and then wait for the game on a Steam sale or something.

I'm not saying that you are personally guilty of this. Maybe you are maybe you aren't. But too often I hear people whine that games are appealing to a wider audience or something similar and then I ask if they bought the game on release.

'No man I don't pay 60 bucks for games.'

Well then you have little right to complain when companies make generic games appealed to the masses. If we want unique games and ideas that push gaming then you might have to buy a game that isn't totally worth full price."
"Han Solo is actually pretty good once you get into the swing of using him, even against Jedi and Sith."
"just a reminder to people who see superbunnyhop for the first time because of this thread - he makes a TON of *really well thought out* gaming videos. i definitely recommend checking out [his channel,](https://www.youtube.com/user/bunnyhopshow) it's really good stuff."
"I completely understand that, and I often pre-order AAA games with nice graphics and art-styles. (writing these lasts two comments feels like committing suicide in this subreddit)"
"I don't think it's fair to say let's not preorder and then only preorder shit that we all approve of.

I'm still not preordering...Even though i loved the first two.

You know what i do when i buy games?

I want till launch day, look up Totalbiscuit, go to metacritic to see critic reviews, come here on /r/games to see what people think THEN i purchase it or not.

This has saved me from so much disappointment so far, assassin's creed rogue,evolve,KF2(To wait until full release),GTAV(Purchased it afterwards, might have been a crappy port).

So to anyone thinking to preorder, i know you trust cd projekt, so do i, but you have to realize preordering is preordering, you're supporting the practice.

Use the free avenues you have access to, reviews, youtube critic channels, reddit's opinion, so many free resources, there's no need to gamble 60 bucks every few months on a release.

Just a general heads up, not condemning people or anything, it's just a mentality i've changed which had made me happier."
"4 million people isn't exactly ""world shattering"" views. Sure it might have been enough to be considered an internet phenomenon but it's not something that's likely to have spilled outside of the gaming community, and it's very likely that Konami has never even heard of the incident at all. "
"Don't forget they blacklisted Jim Sterling after he said some unkind things about them and their games. 

Not like it stopped him from reviewing their games, he just had to buy them now. I think they even asked for an apology from Destructoid (where he worked) at the time. An apology from Jim Sterling for pointing out how shitty they were being... yeah."
"As sad as I am to admit it Konami just needs to go away. When you get so out of touch with your fan base that you are sent into this terrible downward spiral you can't pull out of it's time to call it quits. They show no love for the titles that got them to where they are now (even though they are in a fucking rut right now) and they show no signs of getting with the times. Jim is right, fuck Konami."
Youtube should have a link to: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect right before you file a DMCA with a note saying that if the DMCA is illegitimate it will attract more attention and that a DMCA is not an effective way to censor a video.
"&gt; This is what we got instead of another Sins of a Solar Empire expansion

This is the one complaint I really don't get. I love SoaSE and I don't like MOBAs but insisting a company is only allowed to make one genre or even *series* of games seems so wrongheaded.

Imagine if after Warcraft was released people decided Blizzard was a ""Fantasy RTS Developer"" and treated Diablo or even Starcraft as some terrible betrayal."
"Originally it was briefly just an RTS, I think. Then an RTS+MOBA, then a MOBA+RTS, and now just a MOBA which copies 50% from LoL and 50% from DotA2.

This after SoaSE, which was *highly* unique for it's genre, 4X-ing the RTS genre as much as possible."
"Actually, what really frightens me about all this is; *this probably won't go the way of Garry's Incident at all. This has the potential to be the opposite.* 

The reason indie developers end up absolutely slaughtered when they attempt this is because they don't have a lot of money; after they issue a false DMCA takedown, the fuse of a time bomb is lit. They have to take the issue to court if they feel they are actually being infringed upon. Since they don't have the money to do that, the argument ends there, and the video comes back shortly after. We've seen this process outlined by Total Biscuit, as well as in the Jimquisition, after enough false claims were made.

Konami absolutely *does* have the money to take this to court if they want to. I'm a new viewer of Super Bunny Hop (I like him a lot, he's very smart), but I'm willing to bet he does not have the funds that Konami does.

If Konami wants this to disappear badly enough, it can. It doesn't matter whether or not whatever they claim is legal or even correct, they only need to threaten it, because random Youtube users can't afford to risk a courtroom brawl any more than an indie game developer with a stick up their ass can. What's the OP going to do about it?"
"Is 4 million a lot? Are all of those people impacted? Did all watch the whole video? Does that kind of audience matter to Konami?

I think his point is that a lot of internet communities can inflate issues beyond real terms. Youtube tells me that pewdiepie is the biggest thing on youtube with 30-40M plus subscribers but never heard him mentioned in real life, other than by people asking who pewdiepie is and why does he have 30-40M subscribers."
"&gt; They just don't care.

Honestly, they can't *afford* to care. While their solution to covering their asses from copyright suits is awful and easily abused, any alternative that could work better would mean them having to employ an unbelievable number of people to screen videos for copyright violations. [An average of 300 hours of video are uploaded to YT every minute.](https://www.youtube.com/yt/press/statistics.html) That's bloody unbelievable.

As tempting as it is to blame the service provider in this case, they don't really have much of a choice. They could hire an unsustainable amount of people for screening, or they could face multi-million dollar lawsuits. So they have to take the shitty middle-road option of letting license-holders police Youtube for them."
"""One of"" does not mean ""The"". It was absolutely a terrible game, but by no margin was it ""The"" worst game made in all time."
"Where else can I watch it? I've already seen it, but if it's available elsewhere, that gives me some hope. I like his videos a lot, and I'd like to see them preserved and available to others."
"Didn't they start off by making playing/trading card games? At the very least, their roots are in gaming."
"Yes, but it's hardly something that a company in Japan, that has zero relation to Totalbiscuit or the developers of Garry's Incident, and who have their own video portals entirely in Japanese are likely to come in contact with. "
"They had this for the last generation though. Remember the PS3 ""greatest hits"" cases that came in those red boxes?"
"Closed door gameplay could just mean they know it's buggy, but they want to discuss in detail with the press the direction they want to go, and take criticism back to the developers.

Since game critics understand that half a year out before shipping there is much more polish that needs to be done, and they don't want to tarnish brand.  With buggy alpha gameplay overshadowing the announcement."
Nah. THey'll just continue to milk them all. [Even Metal Gear.](http://www.konami-digital-entertainment.co.jp/en/news/topics/2015/0320/)
Wouldn't chalk it up only to redditors. A lot of YouTube commenters and even Youtubers themselves completely ignore Konami's refocus on gambling and mobile.
Nintendo was founded in 1889.  They sold a variety of products (most notably Hanafuda cards) for almost a century before making video games
"Not a game that's a decade old, was made by another company, and shares 0% of its code base with the new game. 

I mean, you want it to hit the general feel, but as far as specific features, I don't really think it's fair to compare."
"Ever since that 2299 happened i've been very skeptical about rumors, but i'm not above of seeing it unfold

edit: it was 2299"
Same sort of thing. People on Reddit aren't categorically different from other people who talk about video games online.
"[Heres the video totalbiscuit uploaded explaining what happened](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfgoDDh4kE0)

[And heres his video that was dcma'ed by the developer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjTa_x3rbJE&amp;feature=iv&amp;src_vid=QfgoDDh4kE0&amp;annotation_id=annotation_2716921017)"
"Well considering the review embargo is over tomorrow, you can actually do all that stuff, besides the people here, and then make a decision. Honestly I could care less what people here think, if the overall reviews and the reviews from people on YouTube are good I would pre-order if it didn't already come with my graphics card.

The confidence alone to release the embargo a week before the game comes out should show you something. "
"""It is an order, typically a legal order by a court or government, restricting information or comment from being made public, or in some cases, passed onto any unauthorized third party. The phrase may sometimes be used of a private order by an employer or other institution.""

Basically, they couldn't talk about how Konami treated them when they were publishing Skullgirls but since they didn't sign the form (and well managed to get game back to the stores), they can actually talk about the truth."
"So unlike basically everyone else in this thread, I have played it recently *on a console*. It's still pretty fun. Sure, it didn't age very well in terms of graphics and the balance was always crappy. But I think people now may be too caught up in seeking perfection rather than looking at the game for what it was. It's a very broad take on large battles in the Star Wars universe. It's just meant to put you in the role of an average soldier and let you go around blasting people. It does this extremely well, and while I can't really sit down and play it for more than half an hour or so at a time, it's still fun.

Jedi and droideka are overpowered. The AI is terrible. But the game just feels good to play. I think this is one of those games that is incredibly entertaining for people who just want to have a little fun and probably pretty awful for people who take video games ultra-seriously."
"I think we should all remember that, despite what Konami has been doing, they are far from dead and they don't depend on the US video game market. 

They released their 4Q earnings on Friday, and they beat analyst estimates. Their income increased 50% FY15 from FY14. Most of their increase came from mobile games."
"I played it after all of the controversy when I got it for (I think) a quarter. The game controlled horribly, there was no indication that enemies were damaging you or you were damaging them, enemies just kind of floated at times after you killed them, there was little indication as to what you were supposed to do and entire sound effects were missing.

It was certainly in my top three worst games of that year, if not the worst."
Force push/pull was stronger than lightning because you could spam them and permaknockdown someone not allowing them to get up.
[Destructoid was demanded to pull the story...because it broke *another* sites NDA.](http://www.destructoid.com/pretty-much-confirmed-guillermo-del-toro-s-production-company-creating-fallout-4-trailer-291924.phtml)
"Some user in the Fallout subreddit had their post removed (contained the same information) because Bethesda threatened legal action, this must be legit.

edit- http://www.destructoid.com/pretty-much-confirmed-guillermo-del-toro-s-production-company-creating-fallout-4-trailer-291924.phtml Seems Destructoid also got the same treatment."
"I think the DMCA system need a complete overhaul.  
Maybe once your channel surpasses a certain number of subs (like 100k?) the company has to actually provide proof before they can take down your video.  
"
"I was cautiously optimistic during the first few moments of the trailer. Then these mother fuckers started riding the dinosaurs. 

Yep. I'm buying it. 

I was one of the backers burned by The Stomping Land, so 0.15% of me is cautious. 99.85% is geeking the fuck out. "
thats anecdotal though. just because you personally havent heard anything about him in real life doesnt mean other people havent. 
"This comment chain exists in every thread reporting on someone censoring content online. Usually as the top comments. Still, companies never learn. "
"The seemingly never ending supply of flags, feathers, chests, pages and other shit in the Assassin's Creed series made me not give a single fuck about collecting any of them. 

There's a line between not enough collectibles and Waaayyy too many, and AC crossed that line, gunned the engine and never looked back. "
"Yup, they have to do it this way because Youtube's system is not a TRUE DMCA claim to start with.

The initial DMCA claim is just a private matter with Youtube. If contested, the claimant has to either rescind the claim or file a real DMCA claim in court.

That's why so many of these takedowns are reversed after a few weeks. If they weren't, the offenders would be in actual violation of the law."
probably isnt it would have likely been in actuallity an NDA which I believe might not have the same laws.
I cannot wait to see what Hideo Kojima will do once he is freed from Konami's utter bullshit. I made a joke with some of my gaming pals that Hideo Kojima could literally walk into any game studio in the world and sit down at a desk and begin working and no one would stop him. He is at that damn level.
"People always rag on Square Enix for that, but does anyone know how much they spent to make and market that game? If that number was  anywhere near what they got for the 3 million or so copies sold when they said that, it would make sense wouldn't it?"
"I think Advocate's point is that Smash &amp; Kart were largely successful and deserving of the hype they received, suggesting that your pessimism isn't warranted universally."
"That was an awesome pitch video and i don't even play castlevania.

Not that they mentioned it in the vid, was a good pitch though!"
"Link to Kickstarter page [here](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/iga/bloodstained-ritual-of-the-night?ref=nav_search)

$28 for a digital copy for the platform of your choice."
I am still following my no pre-order rule for games after the direction games have been going. Fortunately for me i didn't pay any extra for The Witcher 3 and it came with my new GTX 970 and i have started pre-loading it already.
"Just wondering, do pre-order numbers for games like this typically include the number of people who already got the game for free with the purchase of graphics cards like the GTX 960, 970, and 980?"
"You should check out  /r/WC3, there is still a active community on that game :) 

Though the sub may not be the most active..."
"Yeah, it seems like Konami is going out of their way to agitate people. Why not just quietly release (or cancel, if needed) their current games and make a formal announcement at some point that they are, in fact, leaving the industry to focus on other areas."
"There was talk of an extremely bitter power struggle at Konami, one which Kojima lost, and this could be a case of the winner trying to twist the knife and show Kojima who is boss."
"One of my favourite examples of this is the intro sequence to Dragon Age II, with Varric narrating an embellished version of the story. The character starts with legendary armor and all of the class specific combat moves, which works as an introduction to combat and your character's potential, but then the narrator is called out and then scene replays with all of the starting gear. 

Plus, Bethany's tits are massive in the embellished version, which I always thought was hilarious."
"Fallout 4 will be made, just like they'll make a new Elder Scrolls, Bungie will make Destiny 2 and Nintendo will make a Mario game. Some titles are guaranteed to be made, the only question is when. I hope we get a Fallout this year or next. My guess is it'll be this year and it'll be a launch title for the HTC Vive and Morpheus, but that last bit is my being overly optimistic. "
Note to self in case I ever want to make a video go viral: Include footage that may or may not infringe copyright from a stupid company.
"Here's the thing. There are certain games I know I'm gonna buy even if they're a disappointment. This is one of them. I got the game of $39 off of GMG. This preorder was worth it to me.

The last game I preordered before that was Bloodborne. I don't care if the metacritic score was a 2 I'd still like to see what Miyazaki has cooked up next. There was a steelbook collectors edition that was limited. I wanted that shit so I preordered.

I *don't* preorder games that look badass based off of trailers. I don't preorder the shit games that most people fawn over around here. I preorder good games from great developers and I *rarely* if ever get screwed over. Yes, I preorder, but I'm not an idiot about it."
"And the apology was just ""a start"". Of course, they didn't apologize. It is hard to justify supporting Konami at this point. "
"The big companies only answer to money, if an action would cost them a lot then they would stop do it. Sadly there will never be any fines or anything for false DMCAs on youtube."
"[Here's last weeks' Jimquisition, which discussed these things](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynl4sIFazmM)"
"Which is a shame, because seeing the Konami logo used to mean quality. Now it means a company that doesn't give a shit. "
"I didn't mean it as a bad thing I just meant there are other gaming channels on youtube with much more subscriptions. Case in point Totalbiscuit has over 2 million subscribers. I could see why they would take down a video if TB did it. SuperBunnyhop I felt was always underrated and a little niche.  His videos only get 50,000 views while TB's get double or triple the amount. "
"Play the first one definitely, it still has a very old school Baldur's Gatey vibe to it but it's got a good story and there's lots to do.  The scale of the second one is smaller by comparison which is one of it's main weaknesses along with re-used areas.  But the story of DA 2 is much more interesting and compelling, which actually suits the setting, it's a lot more personal and you feel closer to the characters.  In many ways it kind of feels like you're taking part in a really good fantasy TV series.  It's my favourite out of the 3 based on story alone."
"That's exactly it, they are focused in mobile and what ever the hell else. If you saw the Super Bunnyhop video, they have their fingers in many more pies than one would realise (from a video game perspective). "
"I know about the struggle, but it just seems damn near chlidish to do something like that. Itd be like re-releasing all the alien movies but pulling ridley scotts name off them, just because they wanna make a new one without ridley scott."
"I'm guessing most companies are going to test the VR waters by patching support into their games retroactively, as opposed to developing them from the ground up to work with VR for the time being. There's too much at risk at the moment to be throwing production money into an unproven market. (But we can hope)"
"I kbow theyre at least pulling through with phantom pain. But yeah, i dont see why they arent being more professional about this. It seems like some of the higherups are personally upset with kojima, and are intentionally trying to spite him"
"I am sick and tired of hearing how big no man's sky is, it's not that ""I don't believe them"" like they keep saying I won't I just do not give a flying fuck. all I want to know is what the core gameplay loop is going to be, that's it, it doesn't even need to be specifics just give us the hollywood summary ""it's going to be like X game but with some Y"" and I'll be interested again."
"The last time the Cubs won the World Series was 1908. The last time they played in the World Series was 1945. The closest they've come since then was the 2003 season, when they were up 3 games to 1 in the National League Championship Series, lost the next 3 games to the Florida Marlins. In Game 6, the Cubs were 5 outs away from going to the World Series and lost that game and the next at home.

This is the longest championship drought in North American sports."
I hope he hangs out with Platinum Games for a bit. I'd love a Kojima-filled game in the spirit of Rising/Bayonetta.
This reminds me of when Sega did a false DMCA on Totalbiscuit when he was playing the shining force games. False DMCA is illegal and Konami should be punished for that shit but i doubt they ever will be unfortunately. 
"It was a disappointment because they expected Tomb Raider, Deus Ex and Sleeping Dogs to essentially save their company from poor performance in previous years and to do so required each of them to sell 10+ million copies."
I'm actually happy that this happened because it will probably give George's channel a significant boost in publicity.
This is unfortunately the case for the majority of publishers these days. Just about every company has managed to burn half the bridges that allowed them to be successful in the past and they are barely treading water now because of it.
"And that's great for you, if you choose to be more cautious with your spending practices.

Both the Witcher games are in my top 5 games ever played. I've read all the books and played all games, with most of the major permutations god knows how many times. As long as the story in W3 is even tangentially related to anything even mentioned in the other media, I will enjoy it. Hell, they could make it a story based minesweeper game and I would still love it.

I preordered the game for the same reason people buy midnight movie premiere tickets weeks in advance.

Standard ""Reddit is not an person so you can't really generalize preordering practices (or really anything) across such a wide group of people"" comment."
You can't discredit a demographic as large as the kind Pewdiepie caters to just because you're not in it. Those numbers are powerful and more than likely influential. 
"It's funny because in the latest video he posted today he mentioned ""Pretty soon they will be issuing DMCA for PT videos."" Then this happens today. Pretty sad to see Konami taking this route =/"
"&gt; all I want to know is what the core gameplay loop is going to be, that's it, 

Your goal is to get to the center of the galaxy. You're constrained by your ship's fuel, so you need to stop at planets on the way to gas up by harvesting resources. Robots get angry at you for disrupting local ecosystems and you fight the robots. After you're done on a planet, you take your haul to a space station, gas up, and upgrade your spacesuit/weapon and maybe buy a new ship.

Planets closer to the center will be harsher/weirder/more rewarding.

Whether this will actually amount to a fun experience or not depends on:

* If they get the shooting parts right.
* How densely populated the worlds are with interesting structures.
* If you land on a boring planet, how long are you stuck there farming?"
"I hope this whole thread realizes it's a self-realizing claim. So because you've heard of it and its become popular after an attempted censoring = Streisand effect is real in all cases in these kinds of attempts.

But, of course, you haven't heard of any of the times it has worked and it has been effective and something has been smothered before it reached any kind of critical mass."
"This is typically a non-disparagement agreement, where in exchange for something from the publisher (publishing their game in this case) the developers would contractually not be able to say anything negative about Konami for risk of lawsuit. 

These non-disparagement clauses work because usually the non-disparagement clause comes from the assymmetrically powerful side. The most common in the US is an employer firing an employee and attaching the non-disparagement to a severance package. In this case, it's a publisher trying to force a developer.

EDIT: typo fix, said ""developers"" where I meant ""publishers"""
"More IGA is always a good thing. I enjoyed Lords of Shadow more than most (not so much the second), but I really can't wait for a true dyed in the wool IGA Metroidvania. It's been too long. "
"If you want to get *extremely* hyped, think back at how Fallout 3 released three months after it was shown at E3.

Fallout 4 on November 2015 I want to believe.

EDIT: Not ""announcement"". ""Shown at E3"" is better."
"Several writers interviewed for the ""Atari: Game Over"" documentary argue that everyone thinks E.T. is the worst game ever *because it was buried*, and that it wasn't even the worst game for the 2600, let alone of all time.
"
"This is Konami we are talking about, they wouldn't know what good PR is even if it hit them in the face."
"If you're looking to get back into WC3 custom games, look up MakeMeHost. They have a ton of maps and variations and have a bot set up the room for you if a) you can't host, or b) you don't own/can't find the map. (:"
"Actually you can look forward to still playing those games in Slot Machine form...

[Look what happened to SNK](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=F8P6NJ7S5ZM)

Ugh..!"
"It's pretty easy to get a DCMA takedown notice on a video.  All you have to do is claim to be something you aren't and fill out an electronic form.  Google/Youtube does not put real eyes on any of these until there is a response filed by the person who posted the video, so for all you all may know, *I could be Konami.*"
"A little bit worried about 2.5D visuals using Unreal engine because Mighty No 9 looked a tad wonky with that style, so I  hope they try to emulate the sprite animation style. Guilty Gear Xrd did a good job in emulating 2D animation with Unreal Engine, so there is a way they can make this work.

But I  love how the staff is filled with Castlevania mainstays including Michiru Yamane as the composer."
"after reading through their EA page, they have extremely high goals set for themselves even though their official release is in about 13 months. i'd be amazed if they reach even 1/3 of their stated goals.

based on what they already have in early access, though, the game seems even further along than a lot of other early access survival games we're used to seeing. here's an excerpt of some of what they already have in-game:

&gt;build massive multi-leveled structures composed of complex snap-linked parts, including ramps, beams, pillars, windows, doors, gates, remote gates, trapdoors, water pipes, faucets, generators, wires and all manner of electrical devices, and ladders among many other types. Structures have a load system to fall apart if enough support has been destroyed, so reinforcing your buildings is important. All structures and items can be painted to customize the look of your home, as well as placing dynamically per-pixel paintable signs, textual billboards, and other decorative objects.

if this is true, their building system already has everything rust has, but also includes traps, ladders, and electricity.

also the whole ""summon gargantuan monsters to fight for extremely valuable loot"" thing seems really cool. endgame objectives that don't involve fighting other people always help spice things up.

oh, and in the youtube comments the devs stated that ""you'll be free to play using your own local servers/LAN, etc. (On PC, of course.) We're offering complete freedom and customization on any server that isn't the official ones."""
"It won't be 2D like the concept art. The game will be 2.5D like Mighty Nº9. 

That's a bit dissapointing... unless they pull a GG Xrd."
"Early reviews/embargoes, lots of exposure, and a good company track record + preorder discount (which, in effect = lower risk), is fairly impelling. But this is, unfortunately, not very common."
"&gt;850,000$
&gt;voice acting by David Hayter

Well, I'm sold.

Though in all honesty, I'm rather skeptical of kickstarters as of late.  Koji Igarashi has some very good credentials, but I can't shake the feeling that it might not be everything we dreamed, especially after The Broken Age and Mighty Number 9 turned out the way they did."
"While I liked the video, I can't help but feel that the presentation could have been greatly improved by just putting it together into a written format with pictures. I'm not a fan of ""articles"" being dictated orally to the background of images not necessarily important for the content."
With this and Yooka-Laylee.... I've never been more tempted to start helping devs kickstarting their games. Especially now that I am starting to accumulate disposable income.
"Metroidvanias was one of my favorite genres before I got sucked into MMOs and the recent roguelike revival.

Guacamelee is the last ones I played.  Does anyone have any good suggestions for more recent entries into the genre?

Edit: Thanks for the suggestions everyone!"
"[This is the best I can find right now](http://www.siliconera.com/2013/04/08/square-enix-detail-where-their-losses-are-coming-from/). It says they expected their western studios to save them from the fact that their Japanese studios had nothing to show that year (with FF games coming out in early 2012 and 2014, outside the 2012-13 fiscal year)."
"I started watching his stuff after this report and his stuff is real good. Well written, thought out, interesting perspectives (ie: how he didn't enjoy Spec Ops: The line but thinks it's a good game). I was for the paid mod stuff (in abstract) but he changed my mind with a slight different perspective."
"The concept art is just that.. concept art. It's not a gameplay screenshot. Not even a in-engine render.

We don't know how the game looks."
"Wouldn't it be a better option for them to sell the digital entertainment part to a different company?  It's not doing as well as they use to, but it's not like they're losing money from what I understand."
"Ori is a *treat*. It scratched my Metroidvania itch good and hard, and it's a legit solid platformer, to boot."
They say in the video they have investors who will give them more money if they prove there's interest (through the kickstarter).
"Which goes to show that SEGA completely lacks any self-awareness. If they had paid any attention to the mess that was Colonial Marines, they shouldn't have expected Alien Isolation to sell on name-recognition alone. "
"Its weird to label it 2.5d, like MN9. 

There are plenty of 2.5d games that look great, no reason to expect it to look cheap."
"As of late, people are complaining about the game's visuals not appearing polished and some other aesthetic issues."
"Dragons, survival, crafting, dinosaurs, hunting, taming animals, sandbox. It has everything a game needs to become vaporware or infinidev!"
"[Environmental Station Alpha](http://store.steampowered.com/app/350070/) came out a few weeks ago and is fantastic. [Strider](http://store.steampowered.com/app/235210/) is also supposed to be good, but I haven't had a chance to play it. [Axiom Verge](http://store.steampowered.com/app/332200/) comes out this week on PC (it's been on PS4 for a few weeks now I think) and I believe has been pretty well received. [Valdis Story](http://store.steampowered.com/app/252030/), [Rogue Legacy](http://store.steampowered.com/app/241600) and the Shantae Games ([Risky's Revenge](http://store.steampowered.com/app/277890/)  and [The Pirate's Curse](http://store.steampowered.com/app/345820/))are also very good and worth checking out (The Pirate's Curse was my favorite game that came out last year, I'd really recommend it). "
"TB *still* refuses to mention any Sega games as a result. They were essentially blacklisted by the biggest gaming youtuber because they're idiots. He's said multiple times all they have to do is apologize and he'll cover their games again, yet it's been years and still nothing. "
"Yeah, bad example. 

They name [Strider](http://i.imgur.com/EpkxI6y.jpg) and [Guilty Gear](http://i.imgur.com/t6lM0zF.jpg) as comparisons in the kickstarter. Damn, I hope they aim at a style like that of Xrd, I don't even own that game but what they managed to do graphically set a new standard to aim for in 2.5D visuals."
"Considering nearly every Valve game has come out on consoles, and Gabe himself said he hates exclusivity, I'm not surprised about that."
"Yeah it's really exciting, I just wish previous games I kickstarted hadn't left such a bad taste in my mouth or I'd be more willing to back them."
"It's impressive as hell.

CDPR operate on their own budgets with no EA type advertising nonsence. Witcher 1 was niche and witcher 2 ambitious but never sold anywhere near the numbers of something like skyrim.

1 million preorders for a game everyone knows is without DRM you can freely pirate?



"
"The trailer makes me think that this game is all over the place, which isn't necessarily a good thing.

* Dinosaurs.
* Pre-historic weaponry and people running around in loincloths.
* Six-shooters, lever-action shotguns, and other Western visuals.
* Modern military weaponry.
* Floating citadels, floating crystals, pillars of energy, and what is probably a sci-fi premise.
* Fort-building, and likely crafting.
* And a fire-breathing dragon.

It's as though this game is trying to dip into every major genre in video games.  Most games struggle to handle a single genre effectively, let alone all of them."
"&gt;when Sega did a false DMCA on Totalbiscuit

Didn't Sega do this to everyone they could, TB included?"
That was my fear all along. Even things like Mighty no. 9 left me skeptical and the two games I've backed so far still haven't shown any signs of releasing... but god dammit I really want to get my hands in these sweet things
"For those interested, they're currently doing an [8-hour stream](http://www.twitch.tv/kindafunnygames) with IGA and a few other guests such as Egoraptor and the Mega64 guys, talking about his new project and playing various Metroidvania games."
"As explained in live interview, they literally don't have the money to make a demo. They have a backer who told them they can have investment if they reach the kickstarter goal, so that is when they would actually have the money to make it. IGA had been unemployed this entire time he left Konami and he didn't have the means to make a demo at the same time as feeding his family."
"Well Pete Hines is quoted as saying:

""The whole reason we went out and acquired the license and that we now own Fallout is that we clearly intended to make more than one.""

I am sure you will come back to me and say ""Yeah new vegas"" but New Vegas was not made by Bethesda."
"&gt; Basically youtube lets companies take down videos for DMCA violations even if there aren't any DMCA violations and the video is entirely fair use, like a video game review would be or a video critical of a specific person/company.


I want to clear things up a bit from a legal perspective.  I am not defending these practices, just explaining them:

(and to be clear - I think the DMCA is a very bad law, which needs to be seriously seriously reconsidered, but it is currently the law whether we like it or not)

Youtube does not ""let"" companies take videos down ""even if there aren't any DMCA violations and the video is entirely fair use.""

Federal law obligates YouTube to remove videos when they receive a DMCA takedown request from a copyright holder.  Failure to comply - REGARDLESS of the merit of the request - will result in YouTube forfeiting their statutory safe harbor protections against secondary liability for copyright infringement.  It is not YT's job to determine whether or not the allegedly infringing video is in fact infringement, it is the job of a court.  The takedown operates to stop the alleged infringement until such time as a judge can determine whether or not it is actually fair use.  Uploaders have an opportunity to counter-file to challenge the takedown.  It's not a great system, but it **is not within YouTube's discretion to decide whether or not to comply with the takedown request, because failure to comply with a DMCA takedown is on its face a violation of federal law**.

Second, Reddit seems to have a very odd conception of fair use.  ANY use of someone else's copyrighted material - for example, footage of a copyrighted video game - is presumptively copyright infringement.  Calling it fair use does not make it so in the eyes of the law - it is *presumed* to be infringement unless the creator can AFFIRMATIVELY PROVE that his creation is entitled to fair use, under a four-factor test.  Simply calling a let's play video fair use does not make it so - until there is actual federal case law interpreting them as such.  The current state of the law suggests that videos of gameplay footage CAN BE fair use, but is not NECESSARILY fair use.  There's a very strong argument to be made that they should be eligible for fair use protection (the first and most imporant factor - nature and purpose of the use - generally weighs in favor of fair use, but the third and fourth tend to weigh against it), but it is not a settled matter of law right now so it's inaccurate and pretty misleading to say ""videos of gameplay footage are fair use.""

It's an important distinction, because when it comes to DMCA notices, YouTube does not have the legal authority to decide whether or not a video is protected by fair use or not.  They simply have to comply with federal law as written, which requires them to comply with takedown notices."
Maybe they should stop spending so much money making bad remakes of games nobody asked for and bad HD ports =P
"I'm going to take this opportunity to say that George (creator of Super Bunnyhop) makes some of the most thoughtful analyses of video games I've ever seen. He doesn't have a schtick like some other reviewers, he's just completely focused on the material of the game and does a fantastic job picking apart mechanics, as well as industry news in general.

It is too bad Konami apparently wants war with such a humble guy."
"That is the shittiest slot machine.  

Related note, though, Williams acquired Bally/Midway, then closed the doors to the pinball business in 1999 to focus solely on slot machines.  Sad times. "
"And according to Jim, nothing changed with the blacklist, because they always forgot to send him review copies of the game either way."
"I think part of it is that in the past we just didn't care.

I mean, when I was 8, I didn't give two fucks if the company who made TMNT Turtles in Time was shitty or not."
"To be fair, they've been on a media blitz for months now. /r/Games has had a new witcher media thread almost everyday for over a month now."
Really? You've never heard of him in real life? South Park did an entire episode about Pewdiepie. That guy is actually famous.
"I like that they talk about diminishing sales, yet the franchise exclusive to one console.  Did that arrangement make up for lost sales?

Like others have said, I think they are using that as an excuse to get out of the business."
"&gt; YouTube's the one with the ""shoot first, question later

Groin stab first, remove knife weeks later."
"&gt; they literally don't have the money to make a demo

They didn't have the money and they didn't have time, which I'm glad they revealed it because this is the kind of game I want."
"It's pretty technically complex, but ArcSys released the methods they used to create the game, so maybe with the lack of R&amp;D involved they'd be able to do it.

The advantage of going the Xrd method is even if they can't do the keyframing/custom lighting, they're still making 3D models that simply aren't tweaked for 2D presentation, so it'd simply end up looking like a regular 2.5D game, rather than an outstanding one. "
"Yeah, people need to keep expectations in check. I'm throwing in $100 but I don't expect anything more than the DS Castlevanias. If I get something as good as SotN, great, but if not, I'm still excited to help IGA make the game he wants to and that I want him to."
"Sega does **NOT** have the right to do it with any video that shows their game footage. There are exceptions in copyright for fair use and if a video containing footage of their games falls under fair use, they have no legal right to take it down.

This is a general statement responding to a statement taken out of context and at face value.

When it comes to Lets Plays, it falls within a legal gray area that hasn't been tested in court yet."
I enjoyed Valdis Story: Abyssal City.  It is on sale atm as well and just had an update where they added 2 new characters.
"""Something that really gets me is this: 343 Industries outsourced the March 2015 content update which fixed both parties and matchmaking issues. 

They then proceed to make party tweaks in the April 2015 content update, something that was done entirely in-house and break the fixes made in the March 2015 content update. To fix this, they had to release yet another update which reverted the April 2015 content update changes back to the March 2015 content update fixes.""

That told me all I need to know about just how incompetent 343 is as a developer. Anyone who preorders Halo 5 at this point is insane."
"&gt; The visuals MN9 look like a flash game. Truly awful.

I mean, I get criticizing the videos. That's fair, even though I happen to think they're pretty good.

But... really? What kind of Flash games have you been playing with that level of graphics, and where can I find them?"
"I wouldn't be surprised if one of the big three (Sony, MS or Nintendo) snatch him up right away for a good first party IP.
"
"I agree with you. There's a lot of hypocrisy when it comes to games this sub loves. Hell, I'm even seeing it in replies to your comment. People explaining why THIS game is an exception, because A, B, and C. Even if you're getting it at a discount, that's great for you, but not great for gaming as a whole.

For me personally however, eliminating preorder culture is less about not really knowing what you're getting until release, and more about getting rid of those damn preorder bonuses/incentives. I hate feeling like I HAVE to preorder a game or I will miss out on something. I think all players, whenever they buy the game, should start on equal footing. But that's just my own opinion. I just think starting players with disparate perks based on the manner of purchase cheapens the community experience.

I fully trust CD, but like you said, preordering is preordering. No exceptions, or we won't get anywhere. "
"Because the people who played the beta/demo have been overwhelmingly disappointed. Maybe the ones who are just happen to be very vocal. I played it and found it to be garbage, I backed what I was lead to believe was a megaman clone, by the founder of megaman. What I got was some horrible abomination that feels awkward to play, has no difficulty, isn't fun nor engaging at all. It also looks like shit.

I cannot possible foresee it becoming good as it is apparent to me the very foundation of the gameplay is flawed."
That's interesting. So the game automatically changes the resolution accordingly to the performance or something.
From an aesthetics point of view this is probably one of the most blandly designed games in the genre. 
"Pretty much, yes. The game runs at 1080p usually but if huge stuff is happening on your screen and the fps would drop the game scales itself to a lower resolution, probably the rumoured 900p from a few months ago, to keep a stable framerate."
"Last time they won a World Series, almost all of Europe still had kings and it was unsure if this Democracy thing was working out.

Last time they won a World Series, the Milk Men still delivered your milk because there was no way to keep it cold and you bought your bread in a solid loaf. 

Last time they won a World Series, they didn't record it because video cameras didn't exist. "
"Oh god the AI. The idiocy of the AI was also accentuated even more greatly in space battles.

I've been trying to play it solo lately (finally installed Gameranger and multi is still pretty fun), but space battles consisted of me loading up a transport, flying into the enemy hangar, dumping all the bots to distract the other bots, and running into the back to sit by the shield generator. I would then spend the next 10 minutes slowly destroying all the ship internals by using their own health/ammo restoration bots the whole time. I would have to fight the ceiling turrets whenever they respawned, but often none of the bots would even come back there, and if they did, they fired at a rate of ""shoot...2...3...4...shoot...2...3...4...shoot shoot....2....3....and so on"". It felt like I was playing on an empty map.

I've even gone so far as installing the community patch and enhancement mods, and the game is still pretty lacking. It's dumb fun to be sure, but not the messiah of Star Wars games some have been touting."
"&gt;Amanda Ripley was a fantastic character with a lot of growth

I don't think they get enough credit for this.  They had a main character in an FPS that wasn't either:

a)  Mute.

b)  Cynical throat cancer man.

c)  Wise-cracking detective John McClane from *Die Hard*."
"There isn't anything stopping this from being true now except for the fact that these companies are spending millions and millions of dollars on games to try to reach as broad an audience as possible. This in turn means if they don't sell millions and millions of copies they are considered a flop financially. 

To be honest I would rather a game be good than worry about how amazing the graphics are =/"
"Alien Isolation was well reviewed and received, and it's sold 2.1 million as of this week. I'd say exceeding 1 million in preorder sales would constitute a fairly big win for CD Project Red. "
It really does seem like they just want to get out of the gaming business for whatever reason. I just can't fathom any other reason considering how good most of their games used to be.
"If you're not dead set on a 2D game, I've always contended that Dark Souls is the natural extension of the Metroidvania genre into the 3D space. The experience of probing your way around the world via multiple intertwining paths, battling through ranks of enemies to a boss that might drop a key to a door you couldn't open earlier is all very characteristic of the Souls series.


What's more, [looking at the collision map data](https://youtu.be/tyTB5vhKGSI?t=20s) for Dark Souls 1 you can see an example of how every environment slots neatly into another. The result is that when playing it one really gets a sense of being in one small part of an interconnected whole, that's actually reminiscent of exploring something like Castle Dracula."
"Oh what a surprise, the top comment on an r/games comment thread about a game unavailable on steam is some superficial praise followed by waxing philosophical about how releasing it on PC would fix everything.

FFS, it wouldn't be the difference-maker in all this, not even close. It'd be great if it were ported but I'm tired of comments like these. Get your mind out of the reddit echo chamber and realize these games sell best on console by far anyway; the icing on the cake that would be PC sales isn't worth the effort to them most of the time."
"Happily did not sign mine when they laid us all off. Their severance package was pitiful to begin with. I honestly wonder how enforcable such clauses are (specifically the ""you're not allowed to be negative"" bits)."
"SEGA (of Japan) issued YouTube takedowns on Shining Force videos (including videos that had no actual game footage, such as 100%-webcam vlogs) to try to improve the search ranking for certain Shining Force videos put out by SEGA. A move that has John Bain (TotalBiscuit) boycotting them to this day.

(Also witness Nintendo's draconian YouTube policies in contrast to every other decent AAA company's.)

So that's three Japanese companies who are dickbags (bags of dicks) about video-form commentary and critique, or videos in general. Gee...I wonder if that's a pattern."
"back in the NES and SNES days, Capcom and Konami made some of the best 3rd party games on the systems. How the mighty have fallen!"
"I'm sure you'll run into some Zombies sooner or later as well. But I like it, it makes it seem like it's all prehistoric stuff, but, as you play further, you uncover how it's all actually just a technologically advanced ... something.

I just wish they hadn't shown off all the sci-fi stuff, it would've been a nice suprise."
"It's not: Wipeout HD did this on the PS3 in order to maintain 60fps, and I've honestly never noticed it happen. 

If you went over everything in slow motion and looked for it, you'd see it, but when you're in mid-gameplay and the resolution drops for a second or two, you don't notice it."
"Regardless of what does/doesn't end up happening with this game, this article and the journey the author took you on, was definitely worthwhile.

Incredibly interesting story behind the scenes. It's a shame we don't see more pieces like this as I can imagine that the stories behind many games might end up being more interesting then the products themselves.

As for this game, if you take everything the developers say at face value, then it certainly has the potential to get you ridiculously excited. But that amount of hype naturally inspires a, hopefully healthy, amount of skepticism.

I'm terribly curiously to see how it all plays out.  Will it truly be able to deliver enough *interesting* variety, like it promises. And will that variety be enough of a draw, or will it simply be a backdrop to the actual gameplay (which seems to be way less ambitious in it's design goals).

If I understand this article correctly (somewhat difficult, as it does jump around in time-frames a bit) it sounds like they might have a playable E3 demo this year? (Playable for press that is). Not sure if that is what the author is referring to, or if it's just him playing last year's one.  Either way it does sound like they are having meaningful progress. It's no longer just a team of 4 guys, it sounds like all of the company is on it now. But that is still only 12 people.   Fascinating.."
"What, the paid mods thing? They tested the waters, the test came wrong. I expect them to try it again eventually, but better. 

Other than that, what did Bethesda do recently? And don't say ESO, that wasn't them."
That's the kind of thing that makes me want to flood YouTube with completely unrelated videos that have Shining Force in the title and as a tag. 
"Which Is really disappointing to me. With the Hunt The Truth campaign and all of the new books and lore, I am really excited for this game. 

Yet I'm not going to buy it based on my love for the story. I won't buy a new Halo until the game itself is capable of even being played. Ironically, for me at least, the Halo 5 beta ran smoother and more efficiently in its short run than the whole MCC does today."
"[Hahahaha.. ha....... ha](http://i.imgur.com/daIN2S4.jpg)

MML3 being cancelled I could understand, because it was extremely early in development and it wouldn't have been the best business decision for Capcom to release it (according to them, which I'll give them the benefit of the doubt about). But MGSV? After so long in development? Literally 4 months from release? I don't think I could mentally handle it. I'd be liable to protest or something."
"Hell yeah, alien isolation,  did poor because it ""only"" shipped 2.11 million copies, 

Yeah fuck off,  for a game that totally different from whats in (slow, minimal combat, atmospheric horror game, focus on appealing to existing fans) especially with it following the shit show that was Aliens:colonial marines,  it did really well. "
"Interestingly enough, Valve seems to have taken most of the hit for that, even though Beth was taking the biggest part of the pie. It's true that they lost goodwill but Bethesda has done shitty things in the past and then changed for the better. Remember Horse Armor? It was ridiculous and outrageous when they came out with it, and then they said ""ok fine, we're never doing that again"" and to this day they haven't. Meanwhile all the other publishers went ""that's such a great idea!"" and now we have shitty DLC up the wazoo.

If anything, Beth has showed that they are willing to try stupid shit but also they listen and can back down and learn from it."
"Even if it did, that can't be that big of a portion, I would think 25k would be a generous estimate and that is only a fraction of the total."
"Hopefully Galaxy makes that a much more viable future. Having a single, easy to use library for your games is what made Steam successful, along with the sales. GOG already had the sales, so now they just need to fill that library and keep it as easy to use as possible."
That was like back when Square tried to say one of their games (I can't remember which exactly) did poorly when it sold 3m+ copies. To me if a game is selling even 2 million and isn't considered profitable then maybe something has to be changed. 
I think you're exaggerating. A small group of core gamers got pissed but that's it. I doubt it will affect even 5% of sales. The casual crowd doesn't care about the debacle.
"&gt;Nobody wants to see a ""Battlefield 4: Star Wars Edition""

Interesting, because Battlefront was never anything more than ""Battlefield 1942: Star Wars edition"""
"&gt; What grounds for copyright infringement could there have been anyways?

There aren't any.  Fair Use laws in the United States *expressly* cover the re-use of copyrighted works for the purpose of analysis and discussion."
"The output from the gpu goes through a scaler first before going to the tv. At 1080p nothing happens, while at 900p it scales up to 1080p. The user should only possibly see a difference in image quality, but nothing huge like black bars randomly showing up or the size of things changing. The console was designed with this per frame dynamic resolution in mind, so there's a few features that go along with it to ensure a good experience. The HUD of a game can be drawn to a separate ""layer"" which does not scale dynamically, so the HUD should always look clear and correctly sized no matter what resolution the 3D content is currently being drawn at. "
It was the Tomb Raider reboot that they said that about.  That game has since gone on to do very well for them with the HD re-releases.
"It's surprising to me that Microsoft would've let this happen with such a flagship title. Yes, it's a game many we're looking forward to, and for some people the main reason to get an Xbox One. Luckily I waited, and got to see the mess that unfolded...now I'm probably not getting an Xbox One for a very long time, if at all. I'm surprised they figured rushing it out there to grab market share was worth dragging one of their highest touted franchises through the mud."
"Well apparently the H5 Beta went very smoothly (as noted multiple times in this article, though I personally didn't play it), so I guess that's promising."
You can thank Dota for that. Most people have probably moved over to Dota 2 by now but I'm sure there's still a big Dota 1 scene which bleeds over into other custom maps/ maybe even online.
"This sub has a huge double standard when it comes to CDPR.

And I'm not even talking about pre-orders, there have been several pictures with evidence of a Witcher 3 downgrade and every time someone brings that up the general response is that you can't really trust promotional materials that are put a good while before the game releases since development is unpredictable and things can change.



Now, this is the most resonable response to the issue and I agree with it, but when Ubisoft did the exact same thing with Watch Dogs this sub went crazy over it, with several front-page threads, while Witcher 3 downgrade threads either get downvoted or deleted."
"Oh my god, I would SO want to be a fly on the wall when this guy gets a phone call from the Big Guys.

&gt;""You wanna tell me why Fallout 4 is trending everywhere in gaming subs? Huh? Because they have information that I **know** they can't have because you signed an NDA...""

&gt;""Uh...""

I'd feel bad, except I like this sort of thing. Besides, Bethesda will be grateful for the viral hype before the end of it. (Certainly reminded me that Fallout 4 was a possibility when I'd forgotten of its [potential] existence!)"
"I bought an Xbox One when it was bundled with Sunset Overdrive, which came out a week or two before MCC. MCC was a pretty big reason I bought it but I didn't buy it when it released for some reason (lots of other hyped games came out around the same time), and once I saw all the issues I was both disappointed and glad I didn't waste my money. Now I haven't touched my Xbox since early November since I have a PS4 as well and like it a lot better (because of the controller, better performance, and home screen) for cross-platform titles. Plus there really haven't been any exclusives worth buying on X1 since Sunset Overdrive."
He's probably the only time 'game' and 'journalism' could be used together without busting out laughing
"No, it only means that an NDA was broken. That in no way offers a guarantee that it'll be Fallout 4. And let's be honest, Fallout is not Del Toro's usual cup of tea. Until the game is available to preorder at gamestop, I'm not taking any of this as fact."
I used to work at Mirada. Del Toro was more of a name to the studio he has nothing to do with the studios creative choices
"Bland, repetitive gameplay, mediocre music, terrible visual design, and controls that are just functional."
"Like being involved in a terrible car crash, losing access to a digital game is something most people think can't happen to them, until it does. It's at that moment when one finally realizes the value of DRM-free gaming.
  
I recently moved from Finland to Hungary and then back to Finland, and lost 3 digital games on my Xbox 360 (FIFA 14, Rayman Legends, The Witcher 2) because I bought them at a different region. I have them in my library but am unable to play them. Microsoft support couldn't help and wouldn't give a refund, and most ridiculously, I can't even re-buy those games again if I wanted to, because the system tells me that I already own them. I asked support to remove those games from my library, but nope, they can't even do that."
"I'm not surprised, it did seem a bit weird and esoteric that it's hard to imagine it getting a wide range of people to open their wallets to pledge for it. 

Good that they haven't given up on it though, I often think games could use a bit longer in the design/writing stage before they head to full production, so hopefully they keep refining it on the back burner for a v2 attempt."
Depends on the budget really. Seems like Witcher 3 is a much more expensive effort with significantly higher marketing as well. Can't even begin to speculate their break even point. 
"Youtube helped him. They said Konami didn't provide enough information.

https://twitter.com/superbunnyhop/status/597857120604688384"
"Well, guess that's that, then. I know they say they will return to it at some point, but I'm not sure it's realistic to have any hope for that.

Really disappointed. They tried to keep the gameplay elements mysterious, but it backfired on them in a big way. What they had looked compelling."
"Then again, a Call of Duty titles sells close to 20 Million units within just a few months, so it's all relative.

But it's true that you don't often hear about preorder numbers.

Anyway, nice reality-check for anyone who thought reddit could do anything to stop people from preordering."
"I still like WC3 better than SC2.

In my experience SC2's custom maps are either needlessly complicated and/or manage to be worse versions of maps WC3 had. I wanted to play a couple random maps with friends like in the old days and it was all so... involved. Hard to understand. Somehow all less satisfying. We ended up going back to WC3 which was a bunch of fun

Needless to say none of us bought HotS and don't currently see a reason to get LotV either. How is ""B.Net 2.0"" still worse than 1.0 was over a decade ago?"
"[Dust: An Elysian Tail](http://store.steampowered.com/app/236090/) is a fantastic Metroidvania that I came across when it released on PC about 2 years ago. I loved every moment of it; the combat is responsive and satisfying, the game looks absolutely gorgeous, and the soundtrack is incredible, as well. Definitely look into it."
"Yeah, the source is bad. They expected 2.25M so they are not unhappy.

However, 2.1M shipped (not sold) is not a really good number. Especially since the game got good reviews and coverage and had some discounts on all platforms."
"&gt; Jesus, companies nowadays have such overly inflated expectations for game sales it's insane.

It's not over inflated. It's the reality of the economics of the business in this day and age. 1 million copies sold is *not* a guaranteed profit for a AAA game in 2015, even if it once was a guaranteed profit in 2005. The HD era has seen an EXPLOSION in development costs. 

And while it would be nice to say, ""Developers! Take a break on the graphics! Focus on gameplay!"" it's not practical. Gamers are disproportionately obsessive over graphics improvements. Games looking good and pushing hardware to the limit is something that people want, and when developers don't, people criticize them for it. Like when Far Cry 4 came out and people criticized it for being on the same engine as Far Cry 3. Or Saints Row IV looking the same as Saints Row the Third. Or Arkham Origins looking the same as Arkham City. Look at the reviews for State of Decay, the furor over Watch_Dogs' final graphics capabilities, or the over-the-top obsession with cosmetic Skyrim mods or GTAIV's Icenhancer mod."
"&gt;Galaxy is not what /u/crow_bar was talking about.

tho in the same vein /u/TheIrishJackel wasn't claiming he did, he was expressing his hope that Galaxy propels *that* to a ""much more viable future""...

"
"Fun fact, LEGO used to not make green bricks because the founder didn't want kids to make tanks with them."
"You know what slowly dissolving the development team and demoting the director before the release means? There will be no post-release support.

I for one will wait at least a few weeks before even thinking about buying the game."
"Most people bought it for the multiplayer, which still has some issues.  It's massively better now than it was, but it's far from perfect.  Six months after launch and I still get kicked from games.  Personally, O still love it, and play every day.  But unless you only play the campaigns, it can get frustrating."
"No, they are about the PC version of the game.

And Ubisoft is actually pretty good with graphics, their most recent games look very nice."
Because you're the minority. Most people play Halo for the multiplayer and the multiplayer didn't work.
"It's questionable, but certainly can have teeth if you make your criticisms openly public as opposed to just badmouthing them over dinner. 

There's actually a federal bill being proposed right now to make these clauses unenforceable. I'm a big fan, personally.

The ones I've seen don't say ""you're not allowed to be negative"", they actually say that both you and the company may not say anything other than to confirm that you worked there and were in good standing. So the gag claus applies to the company too, it's just that the company typically won't care if it's prevented from giving you a good or bad reference."
"While we're at it, let's get rid of those non-compete clauses that can be written with no expiration date as part of *severance agreements*."
Guacamelee looks like a flash game when streamed but it looks gorgeous and feels super tight on the ps4. I'll wait for a finished product played on 1080 60fps before I pass judgement. 
"It went smoothly for some people. For me, matchmaking in Halo 5 beta was just as broken as it was in MCC, and the menus were very glitchy. "
"The stream is incredible.  I just tuned in and he's playing shadow complex with one of the creators of the game.  The interaction between them is super interesting as they discuss game design and the various influences of SOTN on Shadow Complex, as well as how the game industry has changed since both of those games were published."
"My friends in the legal field tell me that these are almost unenforceable, but that doesn't mean they're not a headache or that they don't intimidate people. "
"While I agree that Splatoon is fun and refreshing, the point of the video is undermined by the fact that Garden Warfare has been out for a year and does everything that he's praising Splatoon for doing now. "
"&gt; I want till launch day, look up Totalbiscuit, go to metacritic to see critic reviews, come here on /r/games[1] to see what people think THEN i purchase it or not.

Just a heads up, you need to look somewhere else for the reviews of this game. TotalBiscuit has recused himself from covering the game because GOG sponsors the Axiom eSport team that he owns."
"I have not seen or read much into this game, so I want to ask the community who either plays it or knows quite a bit; What does it offer me as an ARPG that I don't get from PoE or D3, my current ARPGs of choice? "
"Because they are going to leverage their ip by turning them into gambling machines like they already did with contra and other classics.

They are going to whore out Metal Gear and Castlevania for years to come at pachinko parlours and casinos. :("
Is it just me who's turned off by the fact that there is backer-exclusive content including a secret boss? I'm all for rewarding people who support the game's development but locking something in-game away from the people who didn't pledge so and so amount of dollars in advance seems kinda dodgy to me.
Definetly check out La-Mulana. One of the biggest metroidvanias out there with unforgiving difficulty.
"For comparison:
Alien Colonial Marines: 1,2 mio (same franchise, crappy game)
Amnesia: 1 mio (same genre, no AAA, no worldwide franchise)

And yes, 2 mil for a AAA game done right, is a crappy number, especially when you have to pay extra for the Alien franchise.
And I don't get the vibe in here. They've shipped the perfect game: Dedicated to the franchise, with so much love for detail, fair pricing which includes not cutting half of the content out into extra dlcs, smooth release without major technical issues, no half baked PC port..... if that isn't enough to make a good profit then why should an AAA Publisher even bother. "
"The reason why there are so many removed comments in this thread is because several users in this thread have resorted to personal attacks and started fights (all because of a game), they have all been given permanent bans for their efforts."
"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMK-kajdgMA

And its back.

Would you look at that. Another case of someone abusing the DMCA system and getting burned by the public. Man. Its real good that this stuff is just isolated and not a consistent trend."
"Yup, it was a pretty mixed bag.  Sometimes you'd get a match fairly quickly or sometimes you'd be looking for one for upwards of 20 minutes. 

You also couldn't back out once the matchmaking started so if you wanted to end it and try again, you had to exit out of the game and re-enter.  Apparently adding a ""quit matchmaking"" button was too hard for 343. "
"Probably because he has an actual journalism degree. 

And avoids click baity topics/rumors/baseless speculation that all the other ""games journalist"" partake in."
"Bought SC2 specifically for custom maps and single player.

I never liked ""e-sports"" and the competitive side of gaming.  But I spent hundreds of hours in Starcraft 1 and Warcraft 3 doing nothing but custom games.

Stopped playing SC2 a few weeks after I finished the story.  I keep popping back in, but it's always the same handful of maps and if you try to play something that isn't on the first page then good fucking luck finding any players."
"Put simply, Grim Dawn is Titan Quest 2. I backed GD because I love Iron Lore (now Crate Entertainment), Titan Quest, and would love to see the folks from the former do more of the latter. I can't compare to PoE because I've never played it, but compared to Diablo 3, 2, and Titan Quest:

Diablo 3 is still the reigning champ in terms of combat fluidity, lag notwithstanding. GD is on par with TQ in that regard. I find hitboxes in TQ/GD to be a little smaller than I expect from the enemy models and misclick on occasion, but I haven't played in a few months while they added more content so this could have been tightened up a bit. Movement speed is slower than D3 though so you're never going to feel quite as nimble. On the other hand this means that combat requires a greater level of commitment, and choosing your precise approach path on a group to minimize simultaneous attacking enemies is a real concern in a way that it WAS in D2 and almost never is in D3. D3 typically allows you to handle big groups with big skills, but D2 and TQ/GD expect you to be much more careful and take things slower.

Skill points and stat points a la D2, but more in depth. It's a very slightly tweaked variant of TQ's system in that regard.

Skill DEPTH is great, skill VARIETY can be limited. Because of the masteries system at play you can put multiple points in to multiple types of skill enhancers for most skills. This means you will enhance your skills in various ways as you level up, but ultimately you're still using the same skills. Thus far though I've found no sign of the scaling issues that hurt end-game TQ where certain skills would, due to the fact that they could not scale beyond the maximum assignable skill point cap, just stop being useful due to their low damage. Looking at you Poison.

GD is offline, so there's that if you care.

Story is pretty nifty. It's a unique take on the Lovecraftian theme, with not one but two opposing factions of brain/soul suckers waiting in the dark beyond, and neither one is particularly concerned with humans in any capacity beyond vessels or slaves. Representatives of both groups are more than willing to take your inside parts and make them outside parts.

Stylistically, this is not a nice world, and I have yet to find any intact equipment other than the occasional unique item that was from before the apocalypse (the titular Grim Dawn event). There are no WoW-esque shiny weapons of awesomeness, but if swords made out of scrap metal are your thing, come on down.

Gear is more flowing than in D3 post-RoS (again, haven't played in a few months, this might have changed), but the variety of bits and bobs to put into weapon and armor slots to enhance them is insane. Right in line with TQ in this regard, and better than D2 in my opinion. D3, having removed runes entirely, is behind all three.

Enemy scaling is mostly-static, compared to the entirely-static D2 and entirely-dynamic D3. The opening area scales from level 1 to level 8 IIRC, so you can always effectively grind a level or two in the most recent area if you need some extra stat/skill points for an edge, but you will eventually need to move on for effective character progress. Higher difficulties are done D2 style, with enemies getting +30 levels or what have you. I don't know how that influences them beyond health and damage specifically, but I assume resistances are part of that as well like in TQ."
"Megaman, Banjo-Kazooie, and now Castlevania? All of my favorite games are being remade! At this point, I might never buy a AAA game again."
The bf4 beta ran pretty well compared to what we got at launch. I love bf4 but it took a LONG time for it to even start working 
I don't think Platinum could afford him unless they had some deal lined up before he got there. He will mostly likely start his own studio though. 
"Wow I totally remember playing game over 15 years ago. Definitely an underrated RPG game. People were negative about the VA but they were honestly pretty good for it's time. I mean back then most games didn't have the same professionalism as say, Bioshock or Last of Us.

I'am glad it's the Dreamcast version. I haven't played the PS2 or PC versions but I heard they were really bad ports.

EDIT: When I mean underrated I meant it wasn't as popular as other JRPG games that was out at the time."
" [currently 50% off in the humblebundle store.](https://www.humblebundle.com/store/p/grimdawn_storefront) 

It's now 33% off."
"I think people were excited to hear ""Bioshock"", but were looking for a game, rather than an interactive museum."
"The industry of making games that veterans want to make, and games we want to play, wouldn't exist otherwise.

I love hotdogs. Don't you? Unfortunately, Capcom and Konami haven't made hotdogs in a good while. They don't see the revenue that they want from hotdogs. These guys though, IGA and so forth, they are excellent chefs when it comes to hotdogs.

I don't need to get my hotdogs from Konami if IGA is the chef. If the man wants to make hotdogs, he has a buyer."
"I play it several times a week, just going to point out this game is VERY playable. I get the sense that everyone on /r/games immediately reads ""MCC still has some problems"" and assumes the worst, says it's 'broken', craps on MS and 343 and Halo without real experience playing or even interest. I see the remaining problems like papercuts but reddit seems to treat them like a severed limb. This game *was* a collassal fuckup at launch and for a while, but now it's nearly everything it promised it be (which was always ambitious as hell.) The actual remaining issues with the game are minor, it's all refinement, tweaking, trivial stuff, slight annoyances. I've played Halo since day one, and MCC is pretty damn incredible, just tired of people bitching. Maybe it's too late, maybe people just moved on, maybe people will forever shit on MCC, but at least I'm having fun actually playing the damn thing. "
LOL only fucking Konami can be so fucking incompetent they can't even abuse a DMCA takedown properly. 
"I'm almost certainly reading way too much into this, but I like to think that that's a massive ""fuck you"" to Konami. "
"Konami is really going scorched earth on this issue. Almost feels like they took it personally and want all of this expunged out of the history books, so to speak."
"They bought the top spot on reddit a lot too, so ""no advertising nonsense"" is overblowing it, really."
"Wow, he does put out some good stuff. I just watched [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emW15aLYbp4) video summing up the Valve paid mods fiasco from a coupe weeks ago, and it was a very well thought out synopsis of what happened."
"Video game IP lawyer here. I deal with DMCA takedowns on a daily basis (sending and fighting against them).

What Konami did here was incredibly stupid, shortsighted, and ineffective, but it wasn't **illegal** as some people here are suggesting. 

Konami probably didn't file a DMCA claim under the penalty of perjury. The first step with YouTube is usually just an informal copyright notice that doesn't involve any penalty of perjury or any other legal requirements. 

Furthermore, even if they did file a DMCA claim, they could probably just say that they were filing it based off of the small amount of their copyrighted content that was actually used in the video. For instance, look at the emails  at 1:06 that are technically copyrightable material. It would be a super weak claim that wouldn't hold up in court, but it would probably be enough to get past the perjury requirement.  The video also contains cutscenes and video from some games (are they Konami games?) - if so, it would be an even stronger basis for not committing perjury. 

What Konami did here was pretty stupid since it's obviously going to bring even more attention to the video (hello Streisand Effect) and will be solved by a simple youtube appeal or DMCA Counterclaim, but not illegal. 

I also wrote about YouTube's copyright takedown process for Gamasutra and how people like Super Bunnyhop can fight the claims: http://gamasutra.com/blogs/StephenMcArthur/20140624/219589/How_to_Beat_a_YouTube_ContentID_Copyright_Claim__What_every_Gamer_and_MCN_Should_Know.php
"
"Definitely. Though they seem to have no idea about the Streisand Effect. Konami has made scumbag and petty moves in the past (Blacklisting reviewers, trying to get Destructoid to issue an apology for Jim Sterling speaking out about being blacklisted, blackmailing developers with blocking the release of their games if they don't sign a lifetime gag order), but not a lot of people knew about those moves. After all the dick moves they've been making lately you can't find one person who will defend Konami. At this point if they want to survive they'll have to completely leave the game business and stay in casino gambling. Nobody wants anything to do with Konami and they have no franchises that could be profitable, as they've burned all possible bridges with almost all their franchises, and the ones they haven't completely railroaded haven't been profitable."
"Get an undub version of Grandia 1, it's along with Suikoden 1+2 and Lunar 1+2, an absolute classic of the era.

Grandia 2 has a good battle system and hilarious characters but the story and setting are not as good. It's a good game but I'd recommend the first one over it. The VA work is stil ehhhhh too."
"Omg omg. Day one buy.

This is my dream come true. Grandia 2 was my introduction to JRPG and the mix of real-time and turn-based battle system was my favorite. Too bad the original PC port kind sucks. It doesn't seem so bad back when most console ports suck, but now I just can't get back to a game that barely functions on Windows (CG doesn't play, crashes easily, probably runs at 15 fps, can't tell exactly because it's so old no video software can hook it). Glad this game hasn't been forgotten."
"The likelyhood is that he wasn't really involved at all:

&gt;While del Toro helped co-found Mirada, the studio employs a number of artists to help create content for film, TV, advertising and other forms of media.

It's like saying Bill Gates built your xbox."
"Maybe ""now"" it's underrated but back then, Grandia II was THE RPG to get. It was slowly forgotten as the Western RPGs became more prominent and the followup in the series, Grandia Xtreme. "
"It says it near the bottom of the page. They're part of Square Enix Collective.

&gt;**We are not getting any money from Square Enix.**

&gt;They are **helping us** by offering us production advice and providing marketing support.

&gt;They are **helping you** by putting Tokyo Dark and our team through a detailed assessment review. Both Tokyo Dark and Cherrymochi passed Square Enix's assessment. You can feel more secure in backing Tokyo Dark knowing our team, game, schedule and budget have been looked over and approved by Square Enix."
"Lirik just did an impromptu interview with one of the founders and creative directors:

http://www.twitch.tv/lirik/v/4937423"
"My friend and I were playing co-op this past weekend and got to Quarantine Zone in Halo 2.  It desynced our checkpoints so we would each be doing different parts of the level when we died.  Whatever you did on one person's side, the same thing happened on the other side.  We restarted the level 3 times and just couldn't beat that level because it kept happening.  Later on I looked online and it has been happening to people since November, and it seems like it is only that level."
"Ranking coming soon...

Honestly, ranking was the most important thing for me and it took six months to go from 1 ranked playlist to 3. I donb't consider that to be trivial. It's not about going up in the ranks and bragging about having a high level, it's about having opponents AND team mates that are simliar in skill to you. The problem though is that the player base is so much smaller now that even when they turn on ranking for the other playlists there won't be enough people to make balanced matches very likely."
"I love Jim Sterling. It took me a long time to get used to him but the way he talks about stuff is so enchanting. Konami is totally losing the plot, it's like they're just punching every baby on the way out of the office. "
"Eh, even back in the day, it was kind of overshadowed by Skies of Arcadia which came out just a few months later. It really never got the attention it deserved."
"i don't understand why the fuck people feel obligated to tell others not to preorder. the message should be go ahead pre-order whatever the fuck you want but you don't get to complain when it all goes tits up on launch day.

people are free to make any bad choice they want to."
"I honestly think it's just cause they didn't want to use Metroid in their wording. It's not theirs, they're not affiliated with Nintendo, etc."
"""Playable Teaser"" for the recently cancelled reboot of Silent Hill titled ""Silent Hills"". It was extremely promising looking and had a star studded cast and development team. Many, many people were looking very forward to it. Myself included."
"It's one of the funny things about digital distribution. According to many (including Valve's own Gabe Newell), digital distribution has people less interested in piracy. But, at the same time, we need pirate groups more than ever, since they're the only ones working to make sure games won't just disappear like this.

Long term, we're going to all be indebted to pirate groups, probably at least as much as we are to the content creators.

Funny world."
Please please please please please give me a rerelease of Grandia 1 now. Even with the... questionable voice acting. I don't have consoles anymore and would love to have it again.
"I like how this title tells me nothing at all if I am unfamiliar with Mighty No.9, instead of telling me the goal will be free DLC that will be given to all backers. "
"Yes, but Vania is *part* of a name, and isn't exclusively owned by Konami. Metroid on the other hand is one thing, and one thing only."
"The problem with Garden Warfare with regards to online shooter originality, is that the core gameplay doesn't do much that's actually different from the less-colorful shooters out there. It's Battlefield 3/4 but with the edges sanded off and a bright coat of paint.

It's not bad, but it doesn't feel distinctly *new* the way Splatoon feels."
"The thing I hate about the MCC is that they fucked it up so hard that so little people play it now, so they don't have the population for a bunch of different playlists. 

There's just a playlist for each game, the temporary one, an like ranked TDM (which is plagued with quitters and 1v4 matches) and like rumble pit. Big team takes forever to find a match and there's no I ranked TDM anymore.

Gone are the days of dubs, swat, action sack, rocket race, grifball...


The maps in the playlist are beyond stupid too, like why do we need every games iteration of Zanzibar in the TDM rotation? It's the same fucking map just with different guns and graphics but it's in the playlist like 4 times. Same with wizard, it's in halo 1, 2 and it was remade for the halo anniversary. How hard is it to just put the halo 2A version in instead of weighing matchmaking so heavily towards those maps. What's the poor in having a 3 game option if they can all theoretically be the same map? I want to play like ""boarding action"" or ""hang 'em high"" or ""longest"", but they're so rare. "
"It means they'll probably have more reasonable goals, expectations, budgets, and planning than Indie Guy #26's random Kickstarter game."
"The title is misleading.

This isn't a Square Enix indie project.  This is a project by an indie studio located in Japan called **Cherrymochi**.  They're reportedly getting some guidance from Square Enix, but they are not getting any financial support.

All that information is on the Kickstarter page."
Jesse doesn't do it to often but I really like it when he does more professional videos. I like his honesty when he is explaining stuff like the open world and the graphics .
"I'm actually baffled at the unclear yet deterministic actions of Konami recently. It's like watching a moth hitting itself to the ceiling and window panes, and then finally burn itself while still flapping his wing like crazy as the last fuck you gesture to the world."
Yeah.  Skies of-RANDOM ENCOUNTER-Arca-RANDOM ENCOUNTER-dia for some RANDOM ENCOUNTER reason was ver-RANDOM ENCOUNTER-y popular.  Persona-RANDOM ENCOUNTER-lly though I thought the RANDOM ENCOUNTER experience was a bit dis-RANDOM ENCOUNTER-jointed and frust-RANDOM ENCOUNTER RANDOM ENCOUNTER-rating.
"Haha, I actually really loved him.  He's an ass, but it was pretty refreshing at the time when most JRPG protags were serious goody-two-shoes."
"Seems good, but I did notice some not-to-great shadow popin in some clips when he was on horse or sprinting. Hopefully it was just part of the build he played and is fixed now."
"This is a good sign, hopefully they realise that there is a market for pc gamers and a lot of us are willing to get these games, hopefully they see that they can make some extra cash and put more ff games on steam. I personally can't afford to buy a new console just for one game, and I would love to see FFVX appear on steam."
Is there any dev i can buy games from without feeling like im giving money to some kind of an asshole?
"Its more like, theres one LARGE open zone and then 2 decently sized zones to the south. Outside of those, you wont have any loading screens.

*EDIT*: [Here](http://i.imgur.com/lYqlEZi.jpg) is a screenshot that shows more"
"Theres one main ""continent"" sized zone which is roughly 1.5X the size of Skyrims open world. Then you have 2 more slightly smaller zones that have load screens to enter. Thats it. Its free roam between them"
"Most, if not all, open world games suffer from Shadow pop in tbh. It is disappointing but im starting to think its just a limitation of an open world. Luckily the actual textures/character popin didnt seem noticable at all and thats what really matters."
"It is big open world, he explained it badly, it's just there are multiple big open zones, and then a few smaller ones. Like the snow area in GTA V. The biggest ""zone"" is larger than skyrim, so don't worry about it not feeling open world."
"Everything Jesse does is honest tbh. For better or worse, you can always count on his legit opinion unless he's doing a ""Jesse Sells Out"" video. Even then he called the video ""Jesse Sells Out"" to let you know that the contents might not be his actual opinion!"
"Holy. Shit. I took that survey when I saw it on /r/games because I loved that game as a kid and said I'd buy it if it ever came out on Steam. For something to actually come out of it, and so quickly, is pretty damn amazing to me. Definitely gonna grab it day one. If you love JRPG's and 90's/early 2000's anime, this is a must-have.

The turn-based combat system is different enough to warrant a try. I haven't seen other games with the same system.

[Screenshot of combat](http://www.blogcdn.com/www.joystiq.com/media/2013/04/grandia2.jpg)

At the bottom you'll see the combat bar. Combat is turn-based with each character issuing commands at the COM bar, and carrying out the command at the ACT bar. Some moves and spells will take more time to move from the COM bar and the ACT bar, if you act fast enough you can issue an attack that can CANCEL the enemy's command and force them to skip their turn."
"They've put quite a few on there in the past two years. 3,4,7,8,13 &amp; 13-2 are all on there. I would assume they'll continue to put them all up over time. 

What I'd really like to see is for Tactics to get sold again and after being a hit, they finally make another one that actually lives up to the first. "
"Well I wish he would have. Maybe the fucker wouldn't have red ringed. Damn you, Bill! You could have prevented all of this!"
"Link to the mystery image: http://i.imgur.com/xsT0G0j.jpg

Not really sure what exactly what Edmund is hinting at here.

Also, Edmund's thread to submit suggestions: http://www.reddit.com/r/bindingofisaac/comments/35nksc/update_requests/"
"As much as four times the development cost, [if wikipedia is to be believed.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_most_expensive_video_games_to_develop)"
At 1:42 in the video we can see 4 highlighted zones. Do you know what they represent and if you can walk from one to another?
"There's actually five zones there, one is a series of islands to the south that is harder to spot. I don't believe you can walk from one to another they will be separated by fast travel. One represents the starting tutorial area, one is a very small castle area only present for story reasons, one is a large series of islands I mentioned earlier and the other two make up the bulk of the game world."
"It's actually very clear. Konami are retiring from the industry. They have more profitable ventures elsewhere and are giving up on gaming.  

Since we are no longer a relevant consumer for their business, they basically don't give a fuck if we're angry or disappointed."
"You cant walk from one to another, they are meant to be far away so being able to walk wouldn't make sense. They have loading screens between these 4 or 5 zones but within the zones there's none going into houses or buildings etc. Considering the major zone is much bigger than Skyrim with no city/building loading screens its gonna feel open anywayAs for what they represent - there's a zone with the major cities and ""No Man's Land"" which is the gigantic zone bigger than Skyrim. Then there's a zone with a bunch of islands which is still huge. Then a zone with the Witchers castle from the first game and surrounds which is a decent size area. Then there's the ""tutorial zone"" which has maybe 5 hours gameplay I believe? Lastly there's the Palace in Vizima where you go for story stuff"
"People are pissed off that making a multimillion dollar game took longer than making a 400,000 dollar game."
"If you compare the room from the mystery image and the room in the image where Ed said to look close, you'll see that they're the same room. That means there's a hidden exit on the other side of the pit, and currently secret/super-secret rooms *can't* spawn in potentially inaccessible places like that. So either he's changed the rules, or there's a third type of secret room with its own idiosyncrasies."
"If by they you mean YouTube. Konami didn't withdraw the claim. YouTube, for once, was decent and rejected the claim. "
"How long before they release an update that starts deleting it off of peoples drives?

They are doing everything they can to erase this game."
"What he was saying about the combat and exploration in The Witcher 3 is exactly what makes Dark Souls such an amazing game. I've said it before and I'll say it again. Dark Souls and Jesse are a match made in heaven. Lore, Loot, and exploration are what Jesse enjoys the most. That's the essence of Dark Souls. (The First one anyway)

This makes me even more excited about the Witcher 3. I need to start preloading it. :P"
"No, it's not. 

Novigrad and No Man's Land is one zone, the separation on the large map is just for ease of UX. 

White orchard is a smallish starting zone, and the isles is around as large as the novigrad/no man's land area. 

The palace is just the palace, no open world."
"Would you rather more details in the area around you and a little pop in far away, or less detail in the immediate vicinity but loading assets past the draw distance in 360° in case you head in a given direction?

Pop in for an open world is a necessary trade-off, and will probably not go away until there's diminishing returns on optimizations in all other areas of memory management."
Honestly I just switched completely to PC gaming now. I had already bought a PC for video editing and animation so it made no sense for me to spend another $400 that I don't have when I can play just about everything just fine on my PC.
"You could cancel the random encounters via the start menu, and the GC rerelase toned down the encounter rate. Skies of Arcadia: Legends also added a bunch of other cool content, like bounty hunting and more Discoveries."
"My only question is how much of the carry capacity game I'll be playing. Pillars of eternity was a godsend with the whole stash thing. Nothing is worse than questing along and then ""I cannot carry that"""
What a kick in a groin after Kojima said they were looking of putting the Fox Engine to use in their own internal projects like Silent Hill and PES. Can't believe Konami and Kojima split is real.
"Yup and most the backers are happy. Heck most people that bought it. Hell the reviews from users to critics have been good. I backed day one...been happy since. 

Bandwagons are strong in the gaming circle...sucks."
It sounds like it's not so much a purposeful removal of functionality as [a consequence of the game no longer existing on the store](http://www.neogaf.com/forum/showthread.php?p=163533577#post163533577).
"I'm going to tell you the full story, because it is captivating. 

It was a dark and stormy night (somewhere). A game appears on the Playstation store. P.T. By 7780s Studio. Who is 7780s Studio? Nobody knows. What is P.T.? Nobody knows. The download icon is a forest, and the loading screen is also a forest. Then it opens in a dark, wet basement. The game is top notch graphically, which makes the fact that this came out unannounced from unknown developers even more strange.  You exit the room and enter a hallway. There's some beer bottles on the floor. There's an alarm clock on a stand that reads 11:59. You turn a corner, a right corner, unsure what you will see when you turn it. You walk by a bathroom door on the right, which you can't open. You pass under the Chandelier, on your left is the front door. This must be the way to the forest? Locked. You continue forward. You step down 5 steps and into the door. You open it and find yourself at the beginning of the hallway. You turn around. You can't go back there is no where to go but forward. And forward takes you back to where you started. As the game goes on, a radio plays telling you the story of a man who up and murdered his family. It's by far the scariest fucking thing I've ever seen or played. The game has puzzles, weird puzzles, where you aren't sure the solutions are solutions until you try them. Then you get stuck. Everyone got stuck. For 4 days. P.T. became an internet phenomenon. It was still completely unknown, and nobody knew how to beat it, if it even had an ending. People found themselves in different final states, where the lights were suddenly blue, it was weird. Then one night, a twitch streamer happened across the ending. A phone in the game rang, and she picked it up. A voice, the radio voice, spoke tauntingly. ""I will be back."" It says. Then a fade to black. A man walks through a misty, seemingly abandoned city. You cannot see his face. Then he turns. Norman Reedus from the Walking Dead. Fade to black. Hideo Kojima's name appears (the director of the Metal Gear franchise), then Guillermo del Toro's name appears (director of Pan's Labyrinth). Then the title. Silent Hills. 

People were excited for a followup to P.T. mostly because of Kojima and del Toro's attachment to the title. Besides being famous for long cutscenes, Kojima is a genius when it comes to messing with player expectations. This is evident in the first three Metal Gear Solid titles. His branching off from that franchise was exciting, and many, including myself, thought he would do amazing things in the horror genre. Being paired with del Toro was a huge bonus, and gave the project even more faith. 

The games industry is going to be missing out on something without Silent Hills. If P.T. is anything to go by, and it is, then Silent Hills may have been revolutionary for horror games. At the very least, it would have been a fascinating study. "
"&gt; Now enhanced for Windows PC. 

[Yep, definitely enhanced for a computer from 1995.](http://cdn.akamai.steamstatic.com/steam/apps/346830/ss_2f11e88ac4ef5be03be9fa23fedcad5581f8960c.600x338.jpg?t=1431385928)

Jokes aside, I hope they consider porting Dragon Warrior onto Steam. Playing the VIII on my phone is cool but could use some more processing power.
"
"Why be surrounded by people that love your work? Seems he wants some people that do not like his work so proper discussion can be had.

Sign of a good developer."
"While I appreciate the intent and hope all FF games eventually land on PC, I also think The After Years is a convoluted mess of recycled FF4 content, ineptly stitched together with a barely coherent plot. Nobody should make the mistake of judging the series by this entry."
"Didn't even watch the video, but if this dude is a Dark Souls fan and is saying Witcher 3 is more similar than Dark Souls than Witcher 2, I'm sold. Witcher 2 was a pretty mediocre game for me, mainly because of the combat. Witcher 3 still looks promising though."
"This a side effect of the game being removed from the store, the client PS4 (thats receiving the game) no longer has access to the files needed to stream the game.


As much as Konami are fucking everybody over at the moment, I'm 99% sure this isn't their doing. (Apart from the fact that they were the ones that had it removed)"
I changed the items to all weigh 0 when I played Witcher 2.  I was over-encumbered before I hit the first town.  Probably my only major beef with the game.   
With Nintendo and their YouTube policies I always only get the impression that they don't really understand what to do with YouTube and how it could work to their advantage. It never felt like malicious intent to me.
"Looks good. Combat seems pretty  simplistic, but competent enough. I love the foliage movement--it was one of the most immersive  elements  of Watchdogs. The ambient occlusion seems kinda shitty though; it has that black halo look."
"There were a lot of trash weapons to pick up, if you picked up everything it was very easy to get over encumbered. I can see why it could get annoying but self control was usually sufficient to not be walking everywhere."
"&gt;Share Play cannot be used:

&gt;* If the game which you want to share is not available in the PS store of your visitor’s country.

Yup.

http://faq.en.playstation.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/9993/~/share-play-on-ps4-and-how-it-works"
"Well, I used to sub to him before and from his videos I bought Dead Space 3 and the Icarus MP online game and I was disappointed in both, I didn't realise he was getting paid to promote them so I felt a bit burnt on that one. It's good he's since made it clearer which ones are paid promotions... I wish Linus would be clearer too, sometimes he makes such a crazy unbalanced build and then at the end (if you stick with it) ""brought to you by &lt;manufacturer of bad choice of component in build&gt;"" or something similar. Clear transparency is better for everyone."
"The problem is that it is basically lying. If you show footage and you say ""this is how the game will look"" and then it actually doesn't, then you are shitting on the consumer, simple as that."
"The responsiveness is good, but what about roll-spam? After playing Dark Souls, I find most games which don't force you to be smart about your resources troublesome. In Witcher 2, constantly rolling and spamming the shield makes most fights trivial since there's no stamina system and the AI isn't smart enough to stop you."
IIRC Gopher said everything was on max apart from hair physics which completely tanked the frame rate but looked glorious when turned on.
"I actually thought this was a far better analysis of a game character than the previous videos but, and I quote, ""we definitely need more with warm, compassionate, multi talented characters who have realistic and relatable concerns"" and then she goes on about game themes being shit when they are just about revenge bla bla....

My question is why ? why is it so important to have a character with realistic and relatable concerns? I feel people like Anita are so narcissistic that they just HAVE to see themselves in the protagonist of every piece of entertainment ever. If that's the case just play the sims. They have money problems, they have to pay bills, they go a bit crazy without socializing.... just like a real person. "
"Your character has a weight limit, but additional storage is provided by your horse, which you can summon any time you want.
"
And I feel that is one of the reasons why a limited inventory does have a space in role playing game: Walking around picking up and keeping every pitchfork and rusty sword you see doesn't make any sense.
I think that's moreso a case of Jesse not bothering. Gopher said in his video its ultra on a GTX 980.
"Might be some failsafe to prevent people from streaming stuff that's not ""PSN approved"" ? Like if you managed to run a game on the PS4 that doesn't belong here, and then manage to stream it on their network.

It would make sense that the system needs to perform some kind of handshake and checks before letting you share ?"
"Quoting /u/Prozn from the thread in /r/Eve ([Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/35omar/how_a_virtual_world_went_to_the_edge_of/))

&gt;This has to be one of the best articles written about eve for a non-player audience. Sure some of the content isn't spot on accurate but it does a perfect job of making the game relevant to people that before now have never heard of the game.

"
"A great example of this is Totalbiscuit. When he does a sponsored video (which is not very often), he puts a clear disclaimer at the beginning of the video stating that it is, indeed, a paid promotion. I don't see why content producers feel the need to beat around the bush."
"&gt; why is it such a problem?

They showed it as something it was not. Yes, the other devs do this and it's nothing new but I was hoping for CDPR to avoid it.

&gt; How many pixels can you count when they're flying past your peripherals?

It's not about counting pixels, it's a number of effects and visuals being lost or noticably reduced. If you can't even notice those differences then good for you, I envy you.

&gt; It could look like Oblivion for all I care, the amount of content you get is the stuff of dreams.

Pardon my assumption, but you're only saying that because you're hyped after a careful drip-feed of information to get you excited for it. If this game looked like Oblivion, on release, I doubt you'd not care at all.


"
"Yeah he's trying to set an example, he's at the other end of the spectrum when it comes to other channels like yogscast or even roosterteeth. It gets to a point with some channels when you're not sure you're watching a video because they choose to play a game or only because it's a sponsored game. "
"What's the likelihood that just exploring dungeons, caves and such can actually have an adverse effect like ruin a quest you haven't started yet?

I remember in Skyrim that when exploring, I'd find a cave, kill anything in it, loot everything, then later on the in-game I'd have a quest to go kill the dude inside. Ruined the questing/exploration experience for me. "
"I never said that he is a ""gaming saint"", but he's a lot better than many content producers when it comes to the transparency of promotions. The fact that he realized that he harmed his viewerbase, and took the steps to make sure that doesn't happen again is leagues ahead of many content producers. He isn't a gaming saint, but he is far better than people like The Yogscast who don't directly state that a video is a paid promotion. (And no, I'm not hating on the Yogscast. I'm just stating facts. In every video I've seen by them, not once have I seen a clear indication of it being a paid promotion.)"
"The operative word being ""more"", not ""all"". Having relatable characters also doesn't mean ""characters that are like me"". Or, to be more specific, it means ""character that like me experience a variety of emotions and have a variety of things they care about"". That is, opposed to the classic monomaniac heroes capable of two emotions, 5% sad because something dear was taken from them and 95% anger trying to exact revenge.

Having more complex characters in games makes us as a player feel more things. If you don't care about feelings other then ""having fun"", it's perfectly valid. But a lot of us thrive on having more variety of emotions.

Edit: Forgot a point while writing. Movies or books are great because you get to experience things, have feelings or think about things you otherwise couldn't in your personal daily life. The more complex and diverse the movies and books, the more you experience. Same goes with games."
"I always love reading about this game, but it just seems so hard to get in to. How much grinding does it take to reach the point where you have fun? Are the jokes about it being a second job full of spreadsheets true?"
I think the game on your own can be a bit of a grind but supposedly the best way to experience it is by joining an active corporation (guild) since i assume they all help each other out to unload the grind a bit. 
"From the video, Jesse kills a wraith, inside the cave is a quest item. The quest item, which could have been asked by a villager you have never met, now starts a quest to return the item.

I would imagine, either the NPC will be dead if they are in a dungeon, unkillable, or is a boss"
"That's the root of my problem with trash loot. You obviously want to give yourself the best chances, so that means getting as much currency as possible, which means picking up everything that's not nailed down, which then inevitably means screwing with the inventory every 5 minutes when it gets full to do some accounting mental arithmetic to judge weight:money ratios."
"He also very likely is big reason why Jesse has changed his approach to paid content and how he puts disclaimers up for it. TB for better or worse pesters Jesse, Dodger, Yogs etc. about that stuff."
"There really ins't any traditional grinding. You just go do what you want. The way the leveling up system works is this:

You have a giant list of skills, some for piloting types of ships, for using types of equipment, and some for improving your stats, and they're all capable of going from level 0 to level 5.

You have a 24 hour (that real world hours) queue to put these skills into and every level of every skill has a set time that it has to sit in the queue. While the skill is in the queue is leveling towards the next level. You only need to be subscribed to EVE; it will level regardless of what your doing, even if you're logged off the game.

Some skills take as low as 3 days to get to the full level 5, others can take over a whole month. Most players go to level 3 or 4 on their skills though, with level 5 being for something you really want to specialize in."
"In previous Witcher games if you e.g. explored cave, killed all monsters in it and later got quest to do that you just could tell quest giver *""Oh yeah, I did that already. Gimme moneys""*. You could even pick up quest items before knowing for what quest they are and later finding that quest and basically auto-completing it."
"Yeah the main Yogscast channel is a bit dodgy with their paid promotions, though they have gotten better (their first few paid videos had pretty much no indication at all, now there is always *something* but it's not always obvious).

The secondary channels they have though, are pretty clear cut about it. Two of them do the little section before the video, and the others always have it as the first part of the description."
"Finally news about what we WILL be able to do instead of what we won't. People are still going to bitch though, somehow"
"Can't blame TB for taking some distance after that blow out. Should he have pestered them in first place? I would say *""yes""* as long he does himself what he is preaching, and he is doing."
"You can have fun in the game straight away, don't believe people that say it's spreadsheets in space, while that is an aspect of the game, it isn't the only aspect of the game.

Source: EVE player for 3+ years, hasn't touched a spreadsheet in a long time."
"&gt; At this point if they want to survive they'll have to completely leave the game business and stay in casino gambling. 

I'm pretty sure in this scenario the decision to exit the video game market in favour of casino games and day spas was one they made some time ago.

Many of their major franchises haven't seen non-mobile games since 2011, and of those that have many weren't developed internally anyways.

They are likely acting like complete twats because they know there are no repercussion since they'll never have to deal with any of these people again."
"Apparently Jogs have a lot stuff that they haven't disclosed. But that is all I know, I don't really follow Jogs in anyway etc."
"&gt;In addition to a “Casual Mode” where downed ally units return after the map is cleared, there’s also a “Phoenix Mode” where downed units are revived during the next turn.

Wouldn't that be almost impossible to lose?"
"So they flew him out to a place where they had rolling fields, axe throwing, dice gaming and, cosplay models dressed like triss marigold?

I wonder if he's going to give a good review?

(All credit to him for disclosing that in his video though actually, I wonder how many of the other big review sites are going to make note of that press promo party?)


*edit - fixed some typos and spelling"
That's the point. It's a mode for people who want to just get through the story without being challenged by the gameplay.
"That's my problem with him. He's wasting his talent on doing lazy stuff like goofy sounds, running gags and other silly things that become obnoxious very quickly, and I can only view his content every so often. Very few games he did feel like he's really enjoying himself (Wolfenstein is probably best example of him being immersed in the game) without the need to always do ""something"" to entertain people that usually hinder the experience from playing the game. No matter how much he tries to be goofy, it always comes out as unnatural to me, like he's trying too hard. I'm glad for anything somewhat serious he pushes out, it doesn't have to be too serious, but both extremes are bad."
"Seemingly not. To be honest I'm not gonna weep for it. It almost never struck me as any problem when I've ever played fire emblem. I'd just replenish my weapons every other battle or so and I never have a weapon break. It doesn't really pose an interesting dilemma for me, it's just a tax every few levels."
"I mean, Phoenix Mode isn't going to hurt the game for those that just want to play it Classic so I don't see how it would hinder the game."
I guess so.to be honest I kinda think the weapon degradation is mostly a legacy thing. It almost never poses any interesting combat scenarios. It really can only catch you with your pants down the one time then it does nothing but tax some cash every few levels.
Still a big rift between watching the cutscenes on youtube and moving your own units around in battle and customizing them and their supports.
"I think this is a pretty bad change... A lot of the more powerful weapons (Especially late game ones) in Fire Emblem games are balanced by the fact that you can only use them a handful of times, so you have to think, well I could guarantee that I kill this powerful enemy with this strong weapon, but then I'll only have 5 uses left, do I really **need** to? I could kill it with this other weapon too, but it has a lower hit chance, so I might get unlucky...

I dunno, I can't imagine how they'll have as many strategic options without that system in place. 'Killer' weapons with high crit rates will now either have to have their damage/hit rate massively nerfed, or they'll just be straight up better than others, and if they never break you'll never run out... Pretty disappointing.

In fact, now that I think about it, why not just give the player the option to repair standard weapons (Iron/Steel Sword/Axe etc...) in between levels, with a simple 'Repair all' option as well. That way you can still limit the amount of uses special weapons get, but you remove the trivial annoyance of having to buy new standard weapons every few levels. It also means you can steadily increase the amount of Steel weapons the player has access to throughout the game, without having to let them simply buy more from the shop when they break. Previously I would just upgrade everyone to carrying Steel weapons as soon as they came into the shop, whereas if they continued to be rare for longer you'd have to think more about who gets them."
"I mean, Awakening was already really easy for most returning players anyway. I hope this means that the harder difficulties on If, or just the game in general, isn't lacking obvious things like proper objectives or maps that aren't just open fields, because having such poor variation in a strategy game is unacceptable IMO."
They stated that nohr would have much more varied win conditions than Hoshido. The way I see this Hoshido v nohr is IS trying to find out if they should continue the path of awakening or return to the older games. 
To you perhaps. First time players or people only interested in the story will want it. I honestly find it weird that things like legitimate God modes are accepted but having an in game equivalent is the devil itself.
"Awesome, that's how it should be done. Open world games that punish (or at least fail to reward) exploration are just depressing."
Witcher 2 sold almost a million copies [in 3 months](http://web.archive.org/web/20131106041406/http://www.wbj.pl/article-55824-the-witcher-2-nearly-1-million-copies-sold.html).
"I wonder if the Millennium Falcon will act as a ""hero unit"" of sorts and will only spawn once a round. Otherwise I'm getting the amusing/depressing mental image of people camping the Falcon spawn just as they would for BF4 helicopters."
"Actually that's not what I said, I said there will be less strategic options as a result of them balancing to account for the lack of this mechanic."
"Man, I really don't like this. Not having weapons break can only mean less weapon variety (and a more fixed power curve) and less risk-reward decisions about whether or not it's worth wasting the money associated with a stronger weapon in a specific situation. At higher difficulty levels the variable level of power that your characters had depending on what they were equipped with was a huge factor in the gameplay, which will be gone now. It really is going to take away a little of what makes Fire Emblem have such an unique vibe, and make it much more like other RPGs.

 This basically has to mean the end (or at least huge nerfs) of weapons like the killing edge which were way to strong for consistent use. I hope they offset it with much smaller inventories so you still have to make some choices. It's not a disaster, but it's not a design decision I like either."
Honestly I like the repair weapons between levels idea. Maybe they could have made it a limited number of uses per battle before breaking. Then it'd at least pose an interesting obstacle with some frequency.
"If you see a vehicle in a DICE game, you expect to pilot it. That's why people are up in arms about the AT-AT announcement. Even worse because you could pilot one in the game from 10 years ago. It's assumed that we should be able to pilot the Falcon."
"Right? I don't remember stomping around chasing troopers on Hoth in that AT-AT. I pretty much moved it forward, missed with the cannons and re-spawned from it. People just get super pissy when they hear ""on-rails."""
"Good.  Having to pull up menus to flip around weapons because they were almost exhausted and managing them for a whole army was tiresome for me.

There's other ways to balance this.  I'm happy to switch weapons for a specific function, but cutting down on micromanagement of lots of troops is a good thing."
"Pretty much any company that flies gaming press out for a preview is going to turn the entire thing into an event.  Schmoozing is kind of part of the gig; put them in the right atmosphere and an excited state of mind.

What sticks out to me is that they let them play the game for 12 hours basically unhindered.  A lot of preview events have their players play for a few hours max, with the content being heavily scripted and keeping the player on a leash.  It sounds like those who attended the Poland event got to basically do whatever the hell they wanted in-game for the whole 12 hours.

And at the end of the day, this is an impressions video, not a review.  He's going to be Let's Playing the full release once it's out, and that is, no doubt, where we'll get his real impressions.  Other reviewers that attended the event aren't going to base their full review off of a weekend long preview; if they're worth their salt, they'll be going through the full game before posting anything other than an ""impressions"" video."
"I think it's a fair idea considering the game has a different story based on what side you're on. I just don't get why people get upset about it, they're not forcing them to play on easy mode, and it opens the game up to a wider audience."
"It's like bowling with the barriers up on the gutters. You can still try to bowl straight, but they're there if you need them."
"Somebody should tell him about Kickstarter...

But, seriously, this guy knows how to write some of teh most memorable characters in modern video games. Deadly Premonition was such a surreal experience to play through."
"Anyone remember when the Aircraft carrier was pilot able in battlefield 1942, and it could be sailed of the playable area, making its spawns useless?"
"Why not just restore usage at the end of each skirmish?  Like bringing them to a smith?  Makes sense some weapons could get damaged beyond the point of use in a fight, and it'd keep it balanced. "
"It would be fantastic if he focused on finishing D4 rather than start something new. 

That being said, anything by swery65 is better than nothing by him, so I will still buy it."
"Battlefront 3, aka DICE's Battlefront. You had full control of an AT-AT in the sense you were controlling an AT-AT. Not sure if you remember how they controlled in BF2, but they were about as nimble as they were in the movies. They were practically on rails. Making it completely on rails doesn't negatively impact the enjoyability of riding an AT-AT, and avoids issues like someone driving it into a base wall, mountain side, or taking a long ass u-turn the wrong way just to troll the team (and dozens of other issues that come with driving a 70 foot tall walking fortress)."
"Exactly. Micromanagement that is there solely for the purpose of having micromanagement is just silly. There are better alternatives to have engaging gameplay even if they don't stick with the traditional ""Fire Emblem"" game mechanics. 

Much better to limit cash to prevent the player from buying every single weapon so they actually have to make decisions on what units get what weapons prior to the battles."
"It also lead to 'save the really good items and wind up never using them' syndrome, at least for me. "
"Back in my day, you set your alarm for 3AM because that's when Ice Mining V decided to finish training and *like hell* are you going to let Ice Processing V waste away for an extra four hours. 

Whippersnappers."
"I'm definitely not against this. Micromanaging your weapons is a huge pain in the Fire Emblem series. In Awakening, I actually ended up using Crom's Flachion, even though it was usually his weakest weapon, simply because it didn't have a durability rating.

While I wouldn't mind keeping a few item durability bits (glass weapons, for example. Very powerful, but only usable 3 times), I do hope they compensate for this by having less accessible powerful weapons. Being able to grab one of the powerful legacy weapons from Awakening, and slap it on every member of my army seems a little excessive."
"Definitely. I never used warp or rescue staves since they only had three charges, so they just sat in my bank the whole game"
"I can see why they did it. In older games, you had a limited number of chapters and no great way to grind for gold. If *If* is anything like *Awakening*, grinding will still be in. For most weapons, durability is just a hassle that you grind around (unlike in older games). And any mechanic necessitating grinding is dubious. It is unfortunate that this will remove strategy from low durability weapons, ones that were balanced by the fact that they only had five uses. Ideally, I would have liked to see rare items have durability but other items have infinite use."
Everyone equipped with Iron weapons and a get out of jail weapon if shit goes down. Free for all on the Caravan for the last two missions. 
I thought that was because Konami is kind of a terrible company with a past of handling things pretty poorly.
"&gt;You could even pick up quest items before knowing for what quest they are and later finding that quest and basically auto-completing it.

You can do that in Skyrim too, I've got some random statue in my inventory for some random quest that I can't drop or sell because it's a quest item. If I found the quest it's for it would be auto completing too."
"It's about them burning bridges across-the-board, and discontinuing a lot of their IP like Castlevania."
"As far as we know he has the story completely mapped out and it just needs to be built. When  Revengence was being ported to PC do you really think Kojima had much to do with it other than quality control while he was working on MGS:5? It's taken so long for D4 EP2 to come out that there has to be some kind of hold up, so he probably wants to actually do something instead of wait around.

Obviously pure speculation, but yeah."
"I hope this thing becomes the next Skyrim for me. It's been a long time since I found an RPG that really grabbed my attention (DA: Inquisition's combat felt too automated personally). Excited to see the review scores.

EDIT: 10/10 from Gamespot is a damn good start."
I started the previous 2 games and maybe played them for an hour before getting bored. I think it's mostly the combat I don't enjoy. Any word on if the combat will be different in this title?
"According to Jesse Cox's preview, the combat is a lot like the second game but a lot more responsive to character inputs. "
"From what I heard in a preview is that the combat is similar to Witcher 2, but cleaned up and more responsive. Which slightly disappoints me, because I think the Witcher 1 &amp; 2 had pretty disappointing combat.

But I'm hopeful it's much improved."
"There is one in german here  
 http://www.videogameszone.de/The-Witcher-3-PC-237266/Tests/Test-fuer-PS4-Ueberragendes-Finale-der-Geralt-Saga-1158770/   
One in French   
http://www.gameblog.fr/tests/2226-the-witcher-iii-wild-hunt-pc-ps4-xbox-one"
"Yeah, the AT-ATs  might as well have been on rails for how mobile they were. You could point them leftish or rightish, but you're basically just trying to get them to progress forward far enough to blow up some buildings before you got wrapped up and destroyed. "
Can anyone confirm when review copies went out? There is no indication in that Gamespot one of how much they played.
"Gamespot almost never gives full score, right? These reviews are very promising, and I'm glad that CPR took their time to polish the game."
"They made the mistake of gating a lot of moves and behaviours for much later in the game so it started weak and got stronger. I wouldn't say the combat was bad at all in 2, I enjoyed it, it just required a bit of time to get good unfrortunately."
"Yeah, they even recently did a series of videos discussing the elusive 10/10s that other games have received. It also almost guarantees this will be game of the year or be a serious contender on their site if you care about that stuff."
"I actually like the combat in the second game. Still, I am so glad they ~~replaced rolling with~~ added sidestepping. "
"I have to agree. I saw one very slight inaccuracy regarding titans (player owned titans aren't the ones that disrupt tides), but other than that it was absolutely spot on. "
"After reading IGN's review I am actually a little less excited. While it sounds like it's a good game, I am getting shades of Dragon Age Inquisition here. The fetch quests, collectathons, etc. That really killed DA:I for me. 

**EDIT:** I would like to point out that I don't really care what score it got; I'm less focused on that. As a 30yr old man I have less time to game so certain things take away my enjoyment. I don't want a lot of my time wasted on a fetch quest, collectathons, or inside bad menus. These are just things that hurt the experience for me personally. "
They posted a tweet about a week ago posting a picture of their review copy. So about that long I'd assume. Kevin Van Ord said he had at least 100 in the main story.
"Thanks for getting this review thread up so quickly. Some pretty big praise going around in these reviews. Biggest issues seems to be some technical problems which are hopefully resolved with the day 1 patch.

For those of you who have played W1 and W2, CD Projekt are very good at releasing multiple patches throughout the game's lifespan to take care of technical problems. There are going to be issues, but their track record suggest they'll take care of them and support this game for a long time. "
I love this.  review copies out weeks before release and the embargo lifts one week before release.  it's a serious show of confidence
The last game they gave a 10/10 I believe was Bayonetta 2. They have a really interesting [write-up](http://www.gamespot.com/articles/gamespots-complete-list-of-10-10-reviews-and-how-t/1100-6422955/) on how these scores are decided.
"That was my biggest complaint about 2. The prologue was absurdly difficult because they gave you so few options, and the last section was kinda easy because of how powerful you get if you invest in the right skills. The whole difficulty curve was completely backwards. "
"According to Danny O'Dwyer is ""[the 9th game in GameSpot History](https://twitter.com/dannyodwyer/status/598125628504678400)""."
"[**@dannyodwyer**](https://twitter.com/dannyodwyer/)

&gt; [2015-05-12 14:00 UTC](https://twitter.com/dannyodwyer/status/598125628504678400)

&gt; The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt Review http://www.gamespot.com/reviews/the-witcher-3-wild-hunt-review/1900-6416135/ Only the 9th game in GameSpot History to get 10/10.....Wow! [[Attached pic]](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/CEz4FtnUsAEJHvK.png) [[Imgur rehost]](http://i.imgur.com/OgUquhj.png)

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)
"
"While super awesome at the time the game came out, moving the carrier was terrible about 99% of the time. People would beach them, crash them into other carriers, or put them in range of artillery. Not to mention how dicey it was just spawn on a moving carrier, much less trying to launch a plane off of one. "
"PC reviews aren't ready yet, CDP are still working on the PC version :( http://www.gamewatcher.com/news/2015-12-05-where-s-our-review-for-the-witcher-3"
"[PC Gamer says no PC review codes due to a delayed patch.](http://www.pcgamer.com/when-is-our-witcher-3-review-coming/)
Bear in mind, all reviews are for PS4."
"I enjoyed DA:I, but I feel like it kinda ran out of steam after a while. I put about 40 hours in but never got around to finishing it. Bloodborne was everything I had hoped for, and I'm working on my third playthrough now. 

But anyway, based on the scores that are out so far and the quality of the first two games, I'm absurdly excited for Witcher 3."
Great to see such a positive reception. I'm really pleased for the devs that worked so hard on the game. I hope it will sell a crap-ton of copies.
"It'd be neat if there was a limit to how much you could use an item in a mission. For example, a rescue staff could only be used 3 times and then it loses its charge. It'd be recharged for the next level though.

I feel like that'd be a good middle-ground that would eliminate the inventory-hell that Fire Emblem games can be."
"I wouldn't let it dwarf your excitement, plus it received a 9.3... Just watch the Gamespot review. The Gamespot reviewer mentions how random events still occur during your exploration and that the rewards for the side quests are actually worthwhile and interesting.

DA:I main issue is there were no random events and the side quest rewards were borderline worthless. DA:I side quests barely had any meat or story to them anyway, which seems to be the opposite in Witcher 3."
"That sounds perfect, I'm currently playing through the second game and am thoroughly enjoying the combat. The only part I don't like is how sometimes long animations mean that you can't control your character to dodge or parry attacks."
"Shameless self-promotion. Yes, I talked to the mods first and they gave me the go-ahead. Also, since I am the creator of the game, uh, AMA, I guess?

edit: Sethian got staff pick! Wowie zowie!!"
"My problem with DA:I was just overabundance of content. 24 hours in I was bored of the core gameplay and I wasn't even halfway through the main quest.

I read something saying that Witcher 3 was either 20 hours or 200, which might be a good sign. If I can skip all of the sidequests and focus 100% on the main story and get a full, quality story arch in 20 hours I'll be happy."
"For those new to the Witcher these retrospectives are a good start

http://m.neogaf.com/showpost.php?p=163650214"
"No, but there is something strategic about having to budget which weapons you'll use against which opponents. Knowing what the weakest weapon you can safely use at any given point is has a lot of strategic merit."
"No, interactive story is the perfect medium for him. Not only does D4 have interesting characters, everything that you can interact with have funny quips with it."
"Can we get a dragons dogma 2.... 

(I know there is dragons dogma online coming out but it looks no where near as good as the first)"
There is [Full Combat Rebalance 2](http://redkit.cdprojektred.com/?c=mod&amp;m=show&amp;p=77) mod for Witcher 2 that fix most combat flaws and make it much more responsive.
Jesse specifically address that very issue as having been corrected in Witcher 3. He said that using signs was still a bit cumbersome but the sword play and dodging was much better.
I can't say I understand either. People got upset that you could skip fights in MKXs story mode. Who cares? No one is forcing you to press the button.
"Isn't that the very essence of strategic? Something like ""I've only got 3 teleports in this game, I better decide how to make the most of them instead of just using it whenever wherever."""
"This is pretty big that they got a 10/10 from Gamespot, they've only given it out to 9 games in their reviewing history:


The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time (1998)

SoulCalibur (1999)

Chrono Cross (1999)

Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 (2001)

Grand Theft Auto IV (2008)

Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots (2008)

Super Mario Galaxy 2 (2010)

Bayonetta 2 (2014)

And now The Witcher 3."
"The thing is that fetch quests in W2, of which there were a few, often led to additional context to the story (Harpy feathers -&gt; Dragon's Dream) or really cool gear (Gargoyle Hearts -&gt; Lore, armor and Caerme).  I don't mind fetch quests so long as they don't overpopulate the game and lead to an interesting payoff, of which DA:I failed on both counts."
How did you go without using rescue staves? Made so many missions easier. It's like the get-out-of-jail-free staff.
"True, it was still a solid game and was worthy of those scores. However, the Witcher 3 has higher scores, and what the IGN and Gamespot reviewers had entirely different opinions on the matter."
I have only played the Witcher 1/2 on PC (m&amp;kb) but I will be playing 3 on PS4 (my PC is old and I am not in the mood to invest in a new one just yet). For those of you who played W2 with with and without a controller how was it?
"Naoki Yoshida must be getting tired of people high fiving him, but man did he ever save their asses in the MMO department."
"No reviews I read talk about sailing boats. All I care about is that ocean/under water content. I've heard 1000 people talk about combat, inventory, and quests. Gimme boat"
"Especially for missions with NPCs or recruitables in danger.

Also, in FEA Rescue Staves were great for grinding Clerics."
"The worst part is that this isn't like most game companies collapsing, where studios get spun off and IPs are sold. They're just choosing not to make games anymore. These IPs will likely never see the light of day again."
"A boring side quest isn't forgiven just because it has a worthwhile reward. That might actually make it worse, as now I feel compelled to actually do it rather than skip it."
"I agree. It's kinda like putting a cheat code in the game without it being an actual cheat code. It doesn't really affect anything for people who don't want to use it.

People got upset when cheat codes were removed from many modern games, now people are also upset when things like these are incorporated in the game."
"&gt; I read something saying that Witcher 3 was either 20 hours or 200, which might be a good sign. If I can skip all of the sidequests and focus 100% on the main story and get a full, quality story arch in 20 hours I'll be happy.

You just described DA:I"
I loved the W1 combat! I like the fact that you can be eating with one hand and playing with the other in isometric camera mode :D
"I agree with everything but Gta 4, not just because the pc port was terrible, but the game had alot of problems.

Its still a really good game dont get me wrong ,but a 10/10? I don't know"
"Yeah, and the only one there's been substantial disagreement about is Crono-Cross.  ( no disagreement that it's a fantastic game, but most people felt the 10/10 was undeserved)    

This is definitley good company for Witcher 3 to be in.   
"
This are really great review scores. Even some of the negative things people talk about are positives for me. I read a review saying they were disappointed it wasn't a pure open world sandbox like skyrim and that you could easily walk into very difficult high level content. That sounds awesome to me! An open world with more focused direction and challenge is exactly what I want. Technical issues are a bummer but hopefully stuff like framerate wont be an issue on PC.
"Yeah, that is honestly very disappointing. Apparently keyboard and mouse is being worked on to the day one patch. They didn't want the Youtubers to play with it either because it's apparently doesn't work very well yet. 

However Gopher did say he played with k+m for around ½ a hour, and said it worked fine. Soo it might work just fine controlwise on PC. I sure hope so!"
"I'm surprised to see that out of all the MGS games, Gamespot gave a perfect score to MGS4. 

I'm a huge MGS fan, and love them all.. but rarely do you see MGS4 get more love than the others.

**Edit:** Fully /agree with those saying 3 was the best. It's commonly talked about alongside some of these games on the list. Truly a perfect game.

Back on 4, it does do a great job on giving answers to fans, something that far too many shows/movies/games fail to do. I've seen far too many poor or unexplained endings, so it was great to get a conclusion to this series. Also as a long-time fan, the amount of fan service was extremely welcomed.

Overall though, I see more mixed opinions on MGS4, while MGS3 is regularly regarded as [one of the best games of all time](http://media.giphy.com/media/Rf7NcKqjsOE8w/giphy.gif)."
So? Just about everyone I know enjoyed it greatly. The combat just needed to be a little more involved and it would have been wonderful.
"The Polish review scores for the PS4 version are mostly [suprisingly lower](http://www.gry-online.pl/S020.asp?ID=10464&amp;STR=6)  than the ones mentioned in this thread. They praise the gameplay but go to town on the abundance of technical problems. They specifically mention LOTS of loading screens, irritating pop-in and visual bugs like dead NPC's plopping up and down on the ground, disappearing companions, slow loading mini-map (!) and such... "
I've been awaiting this for a long time. Its the closest thing we get to an actual ragnarok online 2. It also looks pretty cool although I've avoided watching almost any content from it.
100 hours with limited amount of side questing according to the [reviewer's tweet](https://twitter.com/fiddlecub/status/597920518516379648)
"The reviews sounded pretty similar. 

The scores really don't matter all that much when you're just looking for something that suits your style. I have a dwindling amount of time to put into a game, so sticking with a massive game like this can be difficult for me and other people, especially if the main quest line drags on a bit. 

I had a lot of fun with DA:I but just couldn't find the motivation to finish the game despite honestly being invested in the characters and the story. It's just too hard to commit that much time for something. Because of that I thought Wolfenstein or Alien Isolation were just way more enjoyable experiences, even if they got lower reviews across the board. "
"I don't know about that. Witcher games generally aren't as modular as Elder Scrolls games. It's hard to describe the quality Skyrim has that Witcher lacks, but the game naturally lends itself to mods. I think it'll be difficult to create in-depth mods that mesh well with the game in this case. Small gameplay alterations that just tweak some numbers around or perhaps some texture editing? Most likely. But I doubt we'll ever see a Falskaar or mods of the sort which completely redefine the game or add entirely new content."
"I think it shows that Gamespot really focuses on story/plot, GTA IV was certainly not perfect, but it did have a great story, probably the best of the GTA series.

So hopefully this means Witcher 3 will finish off Geralt's story with the quality it deserves. To me, graphics and gameplay can be forgiven, but a good story makes or breaks a game."
"I just hope that they balance it out by making weapons more rare and/or more expensive. I don't like feeling like God mode during these games. I like the challenge and micromanaging of inventory in the games. This kind of thing gives a knee jerk reaction, but I'll reserve judgement for when the full game comes out."
"Yeah, even they gave The Last of Us an 8, when it was a 10 in most sites. They must have really enjoyed this game."
"3 was the best.

I can understand why 4 had the hype, though. It sort of closed the book on the Metal Gear stories."
"It's not the best game in the series, but I think it's wrapped up perfectly. It's rare you get a story that so beautifully ties up every loose end without seeming rushed or forced at some points. "
I love how dark sound fans automatically assume everyone wants to play those games because they like a game that is literally nothing like a dark souls game. Dark souls is great but it isn't even close to being a widely accessible game. If Skyrim is your thing then Dark Souls more than likely might not be...just sayin
"You'll have to define 'fetch quest'.  At it's heart, practically any quest in any RPG is either 'find this thing' or 'kill this thing'. 

But in DAI, it was 'I need this thing,' you got a quest marker, you found the thing.  Boom, done.  Quest complete, experience points awarded.  

From the (p)reviews we've seen so far, in W3, it's 'I need this thing,' so you talk to the person to get more information about where the thing might be, or why they need it.  You go searching for the thing, finding clues along the way, you follow the clues and find more people that either tried to get the thing, or want the thing now.  You investigate why they failed, or stop them.  You uncover the fact that the thing is actually quite valuable, or cursed and the person lied about what it was and why they needed it.  You acquire the thing and then decide whether to return it to the original quest giver, hand it over to someone else, or keep it for yourself.  You can go back and confront the quest giver about their lies and deal with those repercussions, let them know that you handed it off to their rivals, or lie and say you never found it in the first place.  Boom, done, quest complete, experience points awarded.  

While that second quest I described could be summed up as 'find thing, return thing,"" I think it is an incredibly far cry different than ""find mama's ring"" or ""return the farmer's druffalo"" or ""destroy twelve red lyrium deposits"", to reference any one of the DAI quests that I *would* describe as entirely 'fetch'.  "
"Jeff Gerstmann at Giant Bomb is reporting crashes (despite the day one patch):

https://twitter.com/jeffgerstmann/status/598138991473360896
https://twitter.com/jeffgerstmann/status/598139188077142017"
"[**@jeffgerstmann**](https://twitter.com/jeffgerstmann/)

&gt; [2015-05-12 14:53 UTC](https://twitter.com/jeffgerstmann/status/598138991473360896)

&gt; The review disc they sent over was said to already have the Day 1 patch applied, but I had it crash on me twice in the first hour.

----

[**@jeffgerstmann**](https://twitter.com/jeffgerstmann/)

&gt; [2015-05-12 14:54 UTC](https://twitter.com/jeffgerstmann/status/598139188077142017)

&gt; That hopefully won't carry over to retail, but it kinda left me in a spot where I couldn't trust what I was playing.

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)
"
"I've met a lot of people thAt list mgs4 as their favourite. It's not that rare once you step off the internet eco chambers.

Now, while it is not my favourite overall (mgs2 is), is is my favourite gameplay wise and it is the one i've dedicated the most hours to (50~ singleplayer, 1500~ online). It's an outstanding game and i dont think it deserves the hate many people give it"
"how good that mod is pretty debatable though. A lot of people dislike it for what it removes from the game (counters are pretty impossible to do, and the fact the blocking is based on chance rather then button press can be off-putting to some people amongst other changes). 

It's an interesting mod, but I wouldn't use it on my first playtrough."
"Does anyone know if Steam handles the updates? I don't open the Elite launcher all the time, but I open Steam most days. Lots of previous occasions when I'd go to bum around the galaxy for a bit and find patches waiting for me that download at a snails pace. Happy days if so."
"&gt;straightforward and fetch-quest-heavy main story

Ugh. These are the words I most dreaded hearing when they promised a switch to open world. The Witcher 2 was so special because it was a game that bucked the trend of lifeless open worlds and instead delivered an experience that was laser focused, incredibly rich and finely tuned. The review numbers remain high, yes, but the review numbers for Dragon Age: Inquisition were high, too, and that was another game simply packed to the brim with bullshit quests and filler, at the price of its core competencies. "
Konami isn't shifting to mobile gaming though. They're shifting towards [Japanese Pachinko casinos.](http://ready-up.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/Pachinko.jpg)
I love that mechanic so much. It's so cool going from cool to even cooler. It's my favorite kind of progression in games.
"I could not disagree more.  I've found that SWERY's games actually made me appreciate David Lynch more.  They aren't in competition, you know.

Besides, he actually takes risks and tries crazy ideas in his games -- something that is almost completely dead in mainstream development.  Even if his games aren't very polished, you have to respect them for that alone."
I often hear that this mod makes the combat a dodgefest even more than the original one. How true is that?
"I kind of hope that really powerful weapons have limited uses per fight. That seems like, by far, the best way to deal with this problem from a mechanics standpoint."
"How does this involve morals at all?

Someone can enjoy a game without it being challenging. There can be a great deal to get out of a game's mechanics and story without having to save scum to redo a level or lose multiple party members. I'm still playing awakening now and chose classic. I haven't played it in a couple weeks because it is difficult and I don't have a great deal of time. 

Personally I wouldn't use this phoenix mode but I understand why it is in the game and why someone would use it.

It won't affect anyone else's experience and it is a silly thing to complain about. "
"1) Dragon Age: Inquisition was a great game.

2) Dragon Age: Inquisition is not The Witcher 3.

I really do not see what you are trying to say with your giant letters and unrelated comments."
"It's very strange, because before the game's release they said they don't like fetch quests and there are very few of them in the game.  "
"exactly lol. If I hate the quest , lets say go A , Collect B. I won't do it. The side quests that I did was exploring the optional areas (which are just amazing) and doing the main stuff in it. And 10 dragons to kill just makes me happy

"
MGS 3 was reviewed by Greg Kasavin and MGS 4 was reviewed by Kevin Van Ord. They have very different views on MGS.
"I kinda like a reversed difficulty curve. Always feels wrong when you invest so much into your character and stuff gets progressively harder to kill. Obviously bosses and elite enemies should get stronger, but I like games where most 'standard' enemies get easier as you get stronger."
"&gt; Twitter user pacifist_elk has recently confirmed that keeping the P.T. demo on a PlayStation 4 console may end up locking the whole PSN library of the user. Since the license has been removed from PSN, the usual license check will fail, locking the user out from his full PSN library. Even deleting P.T. from the console isn’t enough to prevent this from happening. If you’re among those who have downloaded P.T. you’d better keep your PlayStation 4 offline for the time being, as no solution has been found on the issue at the time of writing.

Can we get a better source on what this actually is and how it occurs? just saying ""having PT *may* cause your entire library to lock"" because some twitter user *confirmed* that it may happen just sounds both shady and click-baity.

"
"Also Chrono Cross, which the editors actually considered a mistake. One of the live interviews I saw on their channel they were talking about how they outsourced the interview to somebody that didn't work at Gamespot, and nobody on staff had played the game to refute the guy's claim, so they just went with it."
"&gt; That's the point. It's a mode for people who want to just get through the story without being challenged by the gameplay.

I admit I am one of those people. I play games for the story. I don't want to die, and go back to the beginning. I want to pass it on the first or second try, and chug along. I noticed someone said ""Why not just read a book or watch a movie?"" below in the comments. Well, video games can offer unique stories that you won't find in a book, or in a movie. Also, in many video games you have multiple choices to deal with, so it can be more surprising. In Fable 2 for example, you can choose to be good or evil, and they offer more than one ending. And of course it is very submersive. You feel like you are the character, as opposed to watching someone else do something. You are inside, not on the outside.
"
"That's been circlejerked to death.  It's not that bad, and you can accept plans and cancel them immediately with no negative impact.  It really wasn't as bad as it was made out to be. "
"Is it a 10/10 today? 
Not at all, but neither are most of those games. When GTA IV came out, it was a MAJOR improvement to open world design and graphical fidelity. Not to mention the story was actually REALLY good. It may not have aged all that well but for a game that came out 7 years ago, it's was a pretty big deal- at the time."
Can you imagine the shit storm though? A game basically disabling your console just because Konami wants to remove P.T from existence. I smell law-suits up the ass. 
"CDPR has always patched the issues out of their games no matter how long it took them, while Bioware does not have a good track record with this. So if it's issues you're worried about, well that will not be a disaster on the scale of DA:I."
"Not the guy above, but personally I think it has more to do with the fact that Skyrim is less interested in telling a cohesive and flowing story. It definitely encourages exploration and just wandering around and a lot of mods can fit in like that, but the Witcher games have always had a very strong narrative carrying you through each section of the game. I agree that there's just a certain quality that the Witcher has that doesn't lend it to large mods as well"
Well you use that sentence but don't say anything about how he loved the narrative focused side quests and that some of that should have been in the main story. It's not like there isn't great stuff in the game according to the reviewer.
"To be perfectly honest, I don't understand why people are so excited about this news. It seemed really obvious that these vehicles would be the absolute minimum of what we should expect to be able to use. 

Hadn't paid much attention to the Millennium Falcon, so I guess that's a good thing.  

This doesn't super effect me since I don't like using aircraft, but the idea of flying starships only within the atmosphere of a planet sounds resoundingly lame to me. "
"I find the Skyrim hate on r/Games so amusing.  Not because it's wrong (fans of proper RPGs have always criticised TES games for being little more than offline MMOs), but because just three years ago, this subreddit had such an erection for Skyrim it was unbelievable.  And now the same thing will happen to Fallout 4. "
"I'm waiting for the influx of these reviews...

This current set of reviews has that weird feeling of doubt lingering with it.  There's such high praise with very little realistic criticism... it seems unlikely.  This has the feel of another game that's good, but because it's so damn beloved already they're over looking it's issues...  That's been a bit of a trend in the last few years."
To be fair all his complaints are legitimate. I had fun through all of DA:I and all those things are very true. 
"Same problem with Arkham City versus Arkham Asylum. Asylum's biggest strength was its content density, and they went in exactly the opposite direction with City. "
"Sounds more like you found an issue with the few Fire Emblem games that let you infinite grind items, not with the use system.

That being said, I could see the merit of a compromise with 'standard' weapons being infinite use, but none of the good stuff. Things like iron weapon management is only ever a strategic thought in the early game, and then only in some games."
Isnt to say skyrim is a bad game but look at it like a marriage. What is the state of it when the honeymoon is over and you hadn't had sex all month. Things are great at first but you start getting on each others nerves with time. 
"GTA 4 didn't get a 10/10 for the PC version, it got it for the 360/PS3 version. The PC version got a 9/10."
"&gt;The only answers are in the coffee.

What?

&gt;I’m also working on a story about a high school girl detective who uses the imagination (fantasising) energy from masturbating to help her solve murders.

WHAT? Seriously, I want this guy to team up with suda. It would result in the most insane and therefore amazing gaming experience of all time."
"Oh that's Cross, not Trigger. Was confused for a second. Yeah I don't agree with C.C. getting a 10/10. Trigger on the other hand deserves 11."
"&gt; but the game had alot of problems.

Literally every single one of those games had a lot of problems"
I vastly prefer witcher 2 combat to skyrim I have to disagree. I really love dodge rolls and I can't see how a game like skyrim that just relies on you having high stats and mashing attack has better combat than witcher 2 which allows you to avoid damage if you're good. Witcher 1 combat was terrible I'll give you that.
"Wait, people really didn't like Chrono Cross?  I've played it through 4-5 times and absolutely love it, I actually think it's as good, if not better, than CT."
"As a counter argument, I almost never use a controller apart for Dark Souls and NBA and I really prefer kb+m for The WItcher 2."
Since when was Gamespot the holy grail of video game reviews? Just because they aren't generous with giving out 10's? Calm down with the hyperbole. 
"Hoshido will have grinding but Noire will play more like the older FE games iirc (that is, no map or extra missions)."
"You actually have both, tap to sidestep, Hold to roll.  
Nothing against Jesse, but his understanding of the combat seems pretty minimal.  Based on what we've seen in some of the other videos, you can cast signs in combat just fine, you just have to be mindful of how and when."
"I love both elder scrolls and the witcher series, but I think the styles of each one aren't exactly the same.The first witcher games at least were more focused on the story and the consequences of your decisions. In elder scrolls you can be anyone: You choose your race, profession, etc. You can be a murderer, a thief, a paladin of justice... Whatever you want.In the Witcher, you are.... A witcher. You don't sneak around, you aren't a thief. You already have a predefined character: That guy with white hair and lots of scars on his face.It's not worse, just different. In skyrim you could be everything, but nobody cared about you at all.In the Witcher 2, depending on who you helped, you could either freely enter in a city in chapter 3, or you would have to enter through a cave. And once inside, if a guard saw you, they would try to kill you. You also couldn't help everyone and become everything. I don't know how to explain the details but it's a more deep experience."
"While I don't completely disagree with you, some people just aren't into certain games and playstyles the same way you might be. I picked up Awakening because i had heard of the casual mode which of course removes permadeath. Permadeath stresses me out, and I've wanted to try a Fire Emblem game since Super Smash Bros. Melee came out, so this was a happy medium for me. However, someone that enjoys hardcore Fire Emblem isn't hampered by the casual mode, as they can still play the game with permadeath. As long as you yourself don't feel you're missing out on something, it really shouldn't matter if other players don't experience the game the same as you did."
"I really love Skyrim but id prefer a large RPG that gives me a set written character to play as and interpret, rather than create my own character where I just end up playing as no one. "
"I think that's the thing that makes it stand out on that list. All of those other games are timeless and if not for graphics differences, they'd be considered great if they were released today."
"The Gamespot video review definitely brings up several technical issues, but they basically say it's within the acceptable limits for such a large open world game. Skyrim had tons of bugs, it's just inevitable with a game this big and open.

On the other hand, Jeff Gerstmann just said he's had tons of problems with crashing and bugs and wants to wait until the game comes out to give it a proper look, at which point they'll look at the PC version."
"Agree to disagree, but to me it's super close.  CT had better overall story, but I think CC had better combat and a more interesting level system.  I think the side stories from all the side characters in CC were also on par with the side stories from CT.

I've played CT through a few times and always enjoyed it, but I've played CC through 4-5 times always getting different party members and exploring different areas."
"I think Chrono Cross did atmosphere, art, and music so exceptionally well it deserved its 10. I think it does that even better than Chrono Trigger, I think Trigger's story and gameplay is more easy to stomach though. Chrono Cross is definitely a 10/10 game IMO. 10/10 doesn't mean perfect, just prime. It's definitely a prime game because it was so exceptional at what it did REALLY well. 

A lot of their reviewers they have no (almost all of them if not all of them) weren't on the site when that game got reviewed either. "
"Oh wow, they are actually selling at a lower price than expected:  $24.99/ €24.99 / £19.99 when everybody was expecting 40 bucks"
Let's not jump to conclusions. It's possibly just Nintendo using Nintendo IP to promote Nintendo things.
I feel like *being able to change the terrain* is a much bigger announcement than lack of weapon durability. 
I'm just gonna throw [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CbFAZ2ztlE) out there because it's never a bad time to listen to it
"I'm still waiting for anybody anywhere to announce a rogue squadron remake triple pack since this game decided space battles were too crazy for fucking star wars. Yes, it's a remake of battlefront 1. It's also 2 console generations later, battlefront had a sequel that vastly improved on everything, and now this comes along and since it's a remake of the first one people are giving it all the slack in the world because we haven't seen battlefront for years and so people just want another one.

I want another one too, just not this one. I'll take an HD battlefront 2 remake, original engine and everything. Just give me space battles and instant action.

As of right now, no gameplay they could show me could make up for the lack of those. For fuck's sake, star wars's first major battle, the one that proved luke's potential, was a space battle. And a damn good one at that. So, I don't care if the first one didn't have space battles, the second one did, so even if this is a remake, that's not an excuse. The fuck did we buy these things for if not to have bigger games? Not smaller ones. I used to be amazed by pretty graphics, now I only realize they're there to justify console and graphics card purchases while the games themselves have less features and gameplay than shit that's over 10 years old."
"I think Chrono Cross honestly did more things better than CT, like atmoshpere, art, and music.  I think it was a big step up from CT except for the muddiness of the story and the gameplay being way too easy. I could go around and talk to NPCs in CC for hours because they always have something interesting to say, Arni Village was awesome. "
"It's to be expected. Not everyone is going to have the same opinion. Some people don't like Skyrim at all. I personally love it. Love it or hate it though, it was/is definitely a game that garners a lot of attention.

The same was true of The Witcher 2. I didn't like it very much, some people loved it, and I imagine that will be the case with The Witcher 3 as well. This community isn't a single voice."
"&gt; They specifically mention LOTS of loading screens

That's sort of surprising as on cooptional podcast they were talking about how there were basically no load screens except for one area in the 10+ hours they played during preview.  Can't recall if it was PS4 version they played.
"
"MGS4 does have one of the best final boss fights I've ever played. The music medley, the way the GUI changes, and the fight progresses, is just awesome."
"I'd say it has aged well. Considering how old it is, it still has a better open world that many games released even in the past 3 or 4 years."
"I think you've just summed the whole thing up perfectly. I feel like, especially in the past few years, when a staple element of a particular genre of game - in this case ""fetch"" quests"" - are executed poorly, as in DAI, reddit and the Internet attaches a stigma to the whole concept, and immediately seems to write off any game that is so much as mentioned in the same sentence as ""fetch quests."" In actuality, as you said, just about every quest in any RPG boils down to a being a fetch quest if you want. It's how the quests are set up and the different branches, characters, and stories involved that set them apart from DAI's example of literally ""go here, do this, come back."" If Witcher 2 and the preview videos for Witcher 3 are anything to go by, I have complete confidence that Wild Hunt won't suffer from this problem."
"Still looks great and at $24.99? Sign me up. I was afraid they were going to sell it at around 30+ but luckily they know that selling a 6+ year old game for 30 dollars, no matter what new content is in it, would be a bad idea.

Big thing I took away from this was the alternate costumes. Looks like Dante &amp; Vergil have some form of alternate costumes that make them look like Sparda with Trish looking Victorian to fit alongside him.

There's also another alternate costume that Dante wears that is just a black and red version of his suit with Trish wearing her Gloria outfit (which is gonna be weird when she shifts back to Trish later on) and Lady wearing a black outfit with yellow hair.

~~I love alternate skins, so I'm just glad they weren't kept as DLC...even though this is technically a DLC.~~ 

Either way, they've sold me on this (as if I wasn't going to buy it anyway, being a big DMC fan) and I can't wait for June 23. 

**EDIT:** Should've finished the video...the skins are pre-order. Goddammit. "
"Well in the case of Super Mario Galaxy and Bayonetta, they're iterative sequels that were iterating on games that were arguably perfect already."
"They already hit 1m sales. And once the game comes out all the ""I don't pre-order"" people will buy increasing the sales even more. "
"The last time they remade Punch-Out! it was pretty amazing.

Not sure how they'd be able to top that though. I think they hit a wall on advancing it. I mean the gameplay is already perfect. All they can do it make it look better."
"Yeah, in the prologue just 2-3 enemies could kill you. By the third chapter I was taking on 20-30 enemies at one time"
"It's sort of like Half-Life 2 in my eyes. When GTA 4 came out it was fucking insane.  Revolutionary to the sandbox genre.  San Andres was great, but the physics, side-activities, characters, story, and voice acting in GTA 4 was absolutely amazing.  It was the first game I ever truly lost myself in.  I'd spend hours dicking around and I remember how impressive the game's graphics were during the time.

I easily stand by GTA 4 getting a 10/10. I love GTA V but to me it really just seems like GTA 4 with slightly better graphics and heists."
"&gt; GTA IV was certainly not perfect, but it did have a great story, probably the best of the GTA series.

Whaaaaaaat? GTA IV had great *characters*, not story. The story was all over the place with characters getting introduced and then axed moments later. It was the last story in the GTA franchise that kept the same formula as the previous GTA games. It made you feel like you're making progress, but the story just didn't have any real impact.

GTA V's story is a fresh take on the whole thing. They compress the whole thing where you get rid of your first boss in the first couple of missions of each character, and then whoever enters the main cast stays there for the rest of the story. The only thing that felt a bit off in 5 was Martin Madrazo's relative silence after his final encounter with Trevor."
"Given how everyone I know who plays Fire Emblem reloads the game whenever they lose someone, I think there's a lot of people out there for whom never having characters die already *is* the authentic Fire Emblem experience."
"Because DICE has lowered the expectations by so much at this point that confirming things like snowspeeders sounds like good news.

I wouldn't be suprised if there's posts next week that are like ""DICE confirms battlefront 2015 will include more than one blaster!"" ""DICE confirms force powers for hero characters!"""
"That's all we need, really. The games have played more or less the same since the first iteration. Just update the graphics, bring back some old fighters with the old gimmicks, make some new fighters with some new gimmicks, maybe a challenge mode. Boom. Good game right there."
"Yeah I had to stop reading the Battlefront sub because people would say that they haven't confirmed anything, and then DICE employees would turn around and say ""We confirmed X-Wings, AT-STs, Hoth, Tatooine, and Endor!""

And it's like, yeah. Of course those are in the game. That's like a CoD developer confirming SMGs."
"I hate it.  I'd rather everyone be on the same page.

I'd rather have a nice, simplistic game of Storm Troopers vs. Rebels than have Jedi and hero units running around slashing their lightsabers randomly and getting kills. 
"
they played the PC version on high-end PCs with GTX980 cards.Didn't they talk about how the hair-FX stuff from nvidia dropped the framerate even on the super-high-end machines they played on significantly. 
"It's strange you're not aware of that.  I recall even when it came out there was a pretty widespread rhetoric saying ""not as good as the Chrono Trigger"" and various other bits.  There was a lot about it that I didn't like back then, though it's been a while.  Off the top of my head I was bothered by the combat mechanics just not really being appealing.  I think the biggest problem I had was the massive number of playable characters not really giving you a strong narrative beyond the main character and most of the reason I played and still play RPGs is for a strong narrative throughout.

That's just from what I remember though.  There were good points and I remember finishing it, I just don't remember being impressed by anything in particular outside of the music."
He wants to get lost in an open-world RPG. I'd say that's possible in Witcher or TES despite their differences. 
"Did I play a different Battlefront II than everyone here?  I specifically remember being able to turn the AT-AT and go wherever I wanted on Hoth.  That isn't ""basically on rails"" at all.

You didn't *have* to, but the fact you could was immersive and meant you could at least attempt to turn and face attackers trying to flank you."
"It kills me when people talk about subjective matters like there is an absolute opinion that is the correct one. 

You can have a different opinion without acting like someone is crazy for having their own, you know. "
"Keep in mind that the old games had the weapon charge system in addition to seriously limiting the amount of cash you got. Awakening was one of the only ones to just give you unlimited resources. I'm not really against this change if it's done well, but the weapon limits were a form of resource management that really worked well in earlier titles. "
"I'm interested to see if weapon forging returns.  If so, it will become far more essential and worthwhile without limited durability.
"
"Since they're abolishing durability, I'm hoping they make the Falchion (or its equivalent) very strong. A hero character's legendary weapon should be *legendary*. And that ties in with what you're saying. You shouldn't have access to duplicate legacy weapons and unique weapons, both from a lore standpoint and a balance standpoint. Without durability, it makes sense that legendary weapons would be unique."
"Swery is like an alien trying to be a human and not get caught out. He's Octodad. He talks in riddles. 

I think ""the only answers are in the coffee"" might basically mean he might come up with something while he's writing away into the wee hours of the morning, coffee at his side to keep him awake. "
"There were previous entries in the series that had ways to change the terrain, and they tended to be very map-specific: opening a locked door, or creating a bridge over a river. From the very little we have to go on, this sounds like a slightly-souped up version of that. Flashier animations, slightly larger changes to terrain, whatever.

Weapon durability, however, has been a major piece of every installment in the series. Changing that has huge impacts on balance at the whole-game level. It's definitely the bigger deal."
"Correction. It is more like Battlefield confirming there will be airplanes, tanks, And desert, snow and jungle maps.

I felt that battlefield is a much better reference than CoD for an example. Battlefield Star Wars is confirming that they are Battlefield Star Wars."
"This sub always backlashes against any game that reaches a certain amount of popularity. Bioshock Infinite was another one. I literally saw a couple people say ""I had fun while I was playing it, but once I beat it and thought about it a while, I decided I actually didn't like it."" "
"From the stream:

Combat is much more important/faster in the new game (subtitled ""Syndicate"").

Vehicles are an important facet of world traversal. You can drive them and you can ride/hide in them.

Two playable characters, a twin brother and sister.

There are seven boroughs, including London.

A rope-launcher allows you to climb buildings and move from roof to roof.

You can use the environment to take out enemies, e.g. dropping things on guards from a height by cutting ropes.

""Hallucinogenic darts turn enemies against one another"".

There are (Templar) gang strongholds to be cleared.

Otherwise, it's more of Assassin's Creed.

Edit: Some people complained that I brought up stuff that was in previous AC games, blame Ubisoft for that. I just reiterated the points they were making on the stream ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯"
"Actually, some other guy just told me he was referencing deadly premonition, which is kind of like if the katamari guy suddenly sang the theme song in the middle of an interview."
"While it certainly isn't dark souls or monster hunter, I wouldn't really go as far as to call it uninspired. Maybe when compared to the first witcher game? But then again this type of combat system feels like a lot less of a chore."
"That's why Bayonetta 2, THPS3, Soul Calibur, and SMG 2 got 10s, right?  Because they have such great stories?"
"The more you play it, the more you see how average it is. It was exciting for the first 10 hours or so, and then you start to realise how overly repetitive everything is. It's a good game, but as far as RPGs go, I wouldn't say it was among the best."
"Ehh, I'd have to disagree about GTA V's story. Maybe it is a fresh take on the whole thing, but I thought it was thematically really lazy, as opposed to GTA IV's story. 

Your point about GTA V's characters remaining throughout the story applies to some characters, but not all. Wade and his cousin Floyd, for instance, are totally abandoned by the story. Floyd (and his GF) are killed off unceremoniously, and Wade is relegated to a life in purgatory in the titty bar, never entering the story again. Trevor never faces any consequences or even meaningful questions about their deaths, or the death of the strip club owner, which I guess could be seen as the point but the story never addresses it in the slightest so that is more speculation than anything.

And some of the characters that do remain in the story do so as a detriment to the story itself, acting only as fodder for other characters to save or kill without reaching any kind of satisfying conclusion themselves. For instance, it really seems like Lamar should have died at some point. I honestly thought that was where the game was heading, and that he would be dead somewhere around the halfway point. 
"
"&gt; I'm hoping they make the Falchion (or its equivalent) very strong.

As a note, the Falchion is, so far as I know, only weak early in the game, when nobody really knows its true significance and it's just a signature weapon for Crom (and Lucina.) There's a stronger version (Exalted Falchion) that Crom can get later in the game. I'm not sure if Lucina gets it, too. I'm still only halfway through the game.."
"I'm surprised GTA5 didn't get a 10. To me GTAV is a timeless game, and it just surpasses GTAIV on so many levels. GTAIV IMO wasn't that great. The atmosphere was so dark and it never really felt like a *real* GTA game."
"No, having a fun game is the goal, not freedom. Freedom is one way to achieve fun, but they are other paths too and some of them are better. Again if you played VIP and Payload you would understand."
The witcher is less of a sandbox and more of a playground. You can choose what you want to play around with but you can't use the swings and monkey bars at the same time.
"I'd say just jump straight in. The first 2 games are actually in my top games of all time, but they both have rocky starts that might push you away.
I'd recommend, however, that you watch a couple videos our go on the wiki to familiarize yourself with the characters."
"I wasn't talking about Space-Ground fights. I was talking about there not being any space fights at all. Piloting a troop transport into an enemy hangar bay was one of my favorite things to do. 

Also, star fighters are inherently more agile in space, granting better dogfights. Restricting them to atmospheric flight essentially just turns them into reskinned fighter jets. Something like the Millennium Falcon is certainly not designed for in-atmosphere flight let alone combat.  "
"I've been watching this for a few minutes and I've already seen the exact same big guy with a white shirt, red trousers and a butchers knife for about a million times."
"The combat system now looks like Batman Arkham, which I can't complain at all. I hope there's more depth into it. 

That carriage chasing scene though, freaking hilarious."
"&gt; A rope-launcher allows you to climb buildings and move from roof to roof.

So it's essentially Just Cause in Victorian London? I'm perfectly fine with this."
"Did they say it at any point, that both characters were playable? I only saw Jacob being played at all points."
"&gt;There are seven boroughs, including London.

To clarify here, 'City of London' is a small borough in London where the original roman settlement was. It's tiny and not to be confused with London, the larger modern city."
"Keep in mind, only IGN said this, and ONLY about the main quest, even going so far to say that the side quests should be the main quest because they are so fantastic. Some of the other reviewers directly contradicted the statement that the main quest is a chain of fetch quests.  In fact, out of all the reviews, almost all the negative stuff one reviewer said, another one directly contradicted, with one exception.  Every reviewer seems to agree that the game has problems running on the PS4.  Frame drops, pop in, etc.  They all have also stated the CDPR has a patch in the works for day one or near day one that should fix the issues."
"Looks pretty interesting. It's feeling tonally closer to ""Black Flag"" than ""Unity"" to me.
Oddly I got a very ""Guy Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes"" vibe, with the combat clashing fluidly with the victorian, industrial setting.

It'll be interesting to see how it pans out, but it has my interest piqued. So are they dropping the 4-player co-op idea? "
"Oh, the Exalted Falchion is very good. But I do think the Lord's signature weapon should be he most powerful tool, so that the other strong weapons can be fairly divided among other deserving units (since you're almost always going to be forced into using the Lord in every battle). 

It would allow you to make sure that the character you're forced to bring will always be in top shape, but still give you the ability to customize your favorite units without feeling obligated to gear out the Lord with your best weapons (unless you change his/her class)."
"I am mostly curious about support for Metal gear Online...I really hope they don't push it out the door, never offer patch support, or worst of all shut down servers very quickly. It looks too good to be treated that way, but with them seeming to drop gaming who knows what will happen"
"being a popular game and being disliked are two separate things in this case.  Yes the games does cater to new players and has been dumbed down but it's still a good game.  Take into account that 38,450 was the peak today of steam players and it hangs around the top 10 games of steam.  Not bad for a 4 year old game.

It might just be a case of [It's Popular, Now It Sucks] (http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/ItsPopularNowItSucks)"
"The horse carriage chase looked bad.  Apparently horses can bash over streetlamps and have the physics properties of a car.  Also the slightest touch with another carriage caused massive superficial damage to instantly appear.

I get that it's alpha footage but the game is only a few months away, and since they've gone annual every AC game has felt buggy and rushed.  Rarely any game-breaking bugs (Unity notwithstanding) but noticeable glitches.  They are clearly games with extremely high budgets but very little QA time.

I loved AC4 but I passed on Unity and this one didn't look like it had anything to bring me back to the series."
Do they do any explaining on how vehicles work within the lore. If I recall there were animus entities in earlier titles saying vehicles don't work in the animus
"So hard to get excited for these given their assembly line production. I mean, last year we had four of them on PC (Rogue 2, Unity, Freedom Cry, Liberation HD)"
"""The imagination energy from masturbating to help her solve murders.""

So basically it will be Murder She Fapped."
That first Screenshot of all the smoke stacks on the river is awesome. Exactly what I want to see from this one. I have no doubt their London is going to continue their string of incredible open world design. Let's all hope they've nailed down the new engine and can release a smoother and more polished product this year.
"According to [this IGN article](http://au.ign.com/articles/2015/05/12/assassins-creed-syndicate-officially-announced):

&gt; During the open world experience, players will be able to switch freely between the two characters, while story missions will restrict the choice for narrative reasons."
"I didn't like how they hyped up new weapons like the brass knuckles and that blade, and talked about what a new experience it will be, but then the gameplay they showed looked like Unity with carriages. I know it was only pre-alpha footage, and I am a big fan of the series, but I would've liked to see something really different. The rope launcher is a cool addition, but when you say you're transforming the gameplay, don't just show the standard AC sneak along the rooftops and stealthily kill people. Not sure what I would've liked to see instead, just saying."
"&gt; But I do think the Lord's signature weapon should be he most powerful tool

Better yet, here's an idea: Make the signature weapon something that is not only exclusive to the character, but grows in power as they do. Not with its own separate level, mind you, just a hard item stat increase on level up in addition to the character's own attributes leveling up.

Granted, I'm just spitballing here. You'd have to balance it carefully or else your Lord just becomes an unstoppable wrecking machine."
"I'm hoping Syndicate is to Unity as AC II was to I. I think all the set pieces were there for Unity, but it was bogged down by odd glitches (such as not being able to start an integral mission because the menu wouldn't pop up), punishable combat, questionable use of gameplay mechanics (e.g. players having to spam eagle vision), and other issues that I'm sure others can think about.

People are saying this is going to be along the lines of how GTAV works - the player you aren't actively playing as will be wandering the free world and you can switch to them at any time. Whether or not that's the case, I'm down to see how this works. "
It would fully solve the issue for both sides by just making it possible to repair items for a cost in between battles. 
"&gt;""Hallucinogenic darts turn enemies against one another"".

So...berserk darts from the other games?"
I'd be okay if Iron/Steel Weapons had no durability. Items you craft and maybe silver should still have it though(and of course unique weapons). I can't tell you how many Iron weapons I've gone through just leveling units weapon proficiency once I re-class them and they are dirt cheap and only reason I ever buy like 20 of them is just to play around with re-classing people.
"I'll be dead honest, I'm a long time fan of the series. I've pre-ordered every game so far. I'm fully invested in the modern day story (yeah yeah, have at me all you want). But Unity broke me. It was the first AC game I couldn't finish. 

Long story short, I won't be getting this one, despite it looking encouraging. 

* Focus on hand to hand combat (no swords)
* Vehicles (Carriages, only available in London, and trains apparently, which imply that you'll leave London on trains)
* Multiplayer is gone? No mention of it in the stream that I saw
* Rumours of multiple playable characters
* Ambient music is back! (I think, unless that's been added in post)"
"All the videos have been uploaded to https://www.youtube.com/user/AssassinsCreed/videos

For some reason, I find it tough to take their get ups seriously.

EDIT:
Debut trailer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kGHHMc5dqE

Gameplay video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKR42Ci000k

Jacob Frye (Protagonist) Trailer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKS8554XAmM

EDIT2: I must remark that with the right soundtrack and monochromatization, one could make this a silent comedy."
"Greg Kasavin left GS before MGS 4 even came out.  
You have to remember there's a 4 year gap between the games."
"&gt;I read a review saying they were disappointed it wasn't a pure open world sandbox like skyrim and that you could easily walk into very difficult high level content.


Ugh. That's so maddening. That means that it *is* open world, unlike Skyrim whose world was a tailor made generator for the character. A real, living world has challenges that will kill you if you're not prepared for them yet. It has actual dangerous and thrilling exploration."
"Honestly this game needs to take a break.  It is really getting boring with the same play style over and over - the same can go for most Ubisoft games really, just like Watch Dog."
"Eh... I get your point, but Rogue 2 doesn't exist, Freedom Cry was released in 2013, and Liberation HD was just a HD remake of the handheld game."
"That's easy, they'll just ""update the animus software"" or something, and say it supports vehicles now. Just like how they exained being able to swim after you were told the animus couldn't support it in an earlier game."
It's as simple as saying that they updated the Animus. The same thing happened with swimming between 1 and 2
"Man watching that gameplay walkthrough, I can firmly say that I'm probably done with Assassin's Creed altogether. They show us this open-hearted piece on the devs and how proud they are of the games they make and how much of a labor of love they are, and I got a dash of hope. Hell, they even called themselves out for Unity's shortcomings; respect.


Then what do we get to see? Same ham-fisted stealth that's always been in the AC series. ""Strongholds"" which are pretty much the contrived red areas on you map in every AC game where plenty of civilians are free to move around, but you in your cloak disguise are an immediate threat. And then last and definitely least, a fucking farcical high speed carriage chase in which Templar goons have a GPS tracer on you and ram you at every corner (lets also not forget the horse just barging through street lamps.)


I know that was alpha but holy shit did showing all that seem to so more harm than good. I've never been this unhyped for an AC game, a series that I, until recently, quite enjoyed. I even liked Unity to a degree because even it had it's head where Assassin's Creed always was. This... this is what happens when you make one every year. We've hit the wall. Every *year* trying to make something weird out of history and we get fucking carriage chases, and a grapnel gun.

Sorry AC, but I'm done.

Edit: Grammar."
"Whenever Ubisoft launch a new engine, they seem to consistently screw up the first game on that engine. AC1? Not particularly good, for gameplay reasons. AC3? Bogged down with glitches. Almost unplayable on PC at launch. Unity? Same, still more or less unplayable for many on PC.

So... If the pattern follows, Syndicate could be good."
"I believe they meant motorized vehicles. These vehicles are actually horse carriages. There did appear to be concept art of rich folk driving motorized vehicles, however they didn't show it in the demo, so it's unclear whether we specifically can drive them or not. Maybe we just don't have our license :\^)"
"I think the rope launcher is a really bad idea, as it would probably make the game way to easy. At first some areas were hard to reach, you hand to find the good path which was sometimes pretty well hidden and it made it fun to look around. Now I'll just zip up to the top and done, next cutscene or something.

Also, the fighting seems like it's become really arcadey, but that's something that's pretty likely to change. Like the idea of having to 'conquer' areas through capturing strongholds. Capturing command posts in Far Cry 3 was one of the most fun parts of the game.

Not really looking forward to this yet, but I'll see how it turns out. "
Devil May Cry 5 rumor has been flying about for months seems Capcom are reintroducing the proper Dante before the do the next PROPER sequel. As fun as DMC was it wasnt no Dante.
"As a HUGE fan of the Ezio trilogy, and even a decent fan of 3 and 4, I'm pretty damn disappointed in how this series is turning out. "
"They made the argument that running into a high level enemy when you are just starting out discourages exploration because you will just run away and come back later. I think it just reveals core differences in gaming styles. Some people just want to explore a world with minimal challenge and feel powerful while others, like me, would be thrilled to run into a nigh undefeatable high level beast. Some people are really put off by dying in a game and while its fair to warn people about what the game contains I don't share that view at all. If the combat is fair dying repeatedly trying to take on high level combat can be really fun."
"This looks almost... darker and grittier than previous AC games. If it wasn't for the hidden blade and hood, it wouldn't even look like one. I'm impressed.

Also, it actually looks like the hood is back to serving a practical function; hiding the identity of the protagonist. "
"Probably one of the worst aspects with Kojima leaving. With key members of kojipro LA leaving as well, I'm not expecting proper patches or DLC. MGO seems like it is forever doomed to a short life."
"&gt;but I like games where most 'standard' enemies get easier as you get stronger.

This is why Shadow of Mordor was praised so highly. The later in game you got the harder the bosses got but the easier the generic orcs were. You felt like you were significantly more powerful while also facing harder challenges."
"I completely agree on the ""true"" open world bit. I absolutely hate the level scaling in TES games; it's easily my least favorite part of them. I miss the old days of Everquest where I could find myself in the wrong neck of the woods and get obliterated by a golem twice my level, but then later come back and obliterate him when *I'm* twice *his* level."
Hope they won't be OP then. In the earlier games a single heavy guy could take out multiple other enemies on his own. Imagine hitting like 4 guys with 1 dart...
"Game code isn't iterative, just because those features existed in a game 10 years ago doesn't mean it's any easier to work into the engine now. You cant just copy and paste game design like that. I see variations of this complaint all the time, ""X game that came out 10 years ago had great physics, why can't all new games have those physics?"" like we can just reach into the game's code and pull it out.

And you're glossing over the fact that battlefront 2 plays terribly. The shooting and character control is incredibly stiff, and IMO just not very fun. The space battles feel shoe-horned in and very shallow. I'd rather see one of these elements well polished than to have all of them and none of them be fun.

Better graphics can mean fewer features, but also better versions of those features. Just compare the shooting mechanics of battlefield 4 to battlefront 2, it's night and day. It's a quality versus quantity thing. It's great if you want more quantity, but you're lying to yourself if you ignore the improvement in quality."
"Yes, the protagonist of Deadly Premonition was extremely fond of coffee and often thought it was sending him secret messages."
"Yeah, but you've got to take into account the industry atmosphere back then compared to now. 

It's like calling older, long-passed athletes the greatest of all time despite they often having technically much lesser accomplishments than modern, or current athletes. Reasons being that people exceeded, by some notably large margin, what was thought possible, and with regard to limitations and limited knowledge and experience at the time as well. 

When GTA4 came out, it far, far surpassed anything at all in most ways, let alone just comparable stuff. GTA5 is obviously much better in practically every way, but it doesn't set precedents quite like 4 did at the time, and there's a ton of big, ambitious stuff out there these days compared to what GTA4 was up against seven years ago."
"You shouldn't be shocked, that's exactly what Bioware has done with Dragon Age. These companies will prioritize platforms on which there's more money to be made, they couldn't care less about their legacy or whatever.

Witcher 2 started the trend anyway."
"I'm with you. The whole ""hallucinogenic darts"" bit is laughable-- if you've played any AC in the past 5 years, you'll know the berserk darts, and I'll bet this works the same way. Claiming it as anything new is silly. 

I was a pretty loyal fan but Unity showed me how broken the development of the series is. I'll wait the 4 weeks this takes to go down to half price, or I'll skip it if I hear about technical issues. "
"Fire Emblem 4 actually did this--all weapons had 50 uses, and once they hit 0 they became ""broken"" weapons with poor stats that you had to bring to a smith. I actually feel like it worked fairly well, so I'm a little disappointed If won't have that level of management.

I hope IS will figure out a way to balance this, so I'm reserving judgement until we know more. It'll be difficult to do, though, and they are not well-known for creating balanced games (see Awakening's skills/children/pair-up/Lunatic+, Radiant Dawn's skills/bonus exp)"
"Keep in mind that this was from a single reviewer - everyone else has loved the quests.  Also: 

&gt;You'll have to define 'fetch quest'. At it's heart, practically any quest in any RPG is either 'find this thing' or 'kill this thing'.  
But in DAI, it was 'I need this thing,' you got a quest marker, you found the thing. Boom, done. Quest complete, experience points awarded.  
From the (p)reviews we've seen so far, in W3, it's 'I need this thing,' so you talk to the person to get more information about where the thing might be, or why they need it. You go searching for the thing, finding clues along the way, you follow the clues and find more people that either tried to get the thing, or want the thing now. You investigate why they failed, or stop them. You uncover the fact that the thing is actually quite valuable, or cursed and the person lied about what it was and why they needed it. You acquire the thing and then decide whether to return it to the original quest giver, hand it over to someone else, or keep it for yourself. You can go back and confront the quest giver about their lies and deal with those repercussions, let them know that you handed it off to their rivals, or lie and say you never found it in the first place. Boom, done, quest complete, experience points awarded.  
While that second quest I described could be summed up as 'find thing, return thing,"" I think it is an incredibly far cry different than ""find mama's ring"" or ""return the farmer's druffalo"" or ""destroy twelve red lyrium deposits"", to reference any one of the DAI quests that I would describe as entirely 'fetch'."
"I know saying shit that's negative is the equivalent of beating a dead horse, joining a giant circlejerk.

But I just watched the trailer and the livestream. It's ***boring***. There's literally zero innovation from what i've seen. Yes, it's an interesting set piece, but so was Order 1886 and every single other AC game ever made. 

Words cant express how pathetic and blatantly lazy this effort looks like. It was so insulting when the guy on the livestream presented the ability to ride carriages, and said it would ""change everything""."
Steams deal lets the publisher/author make as many keys as they want for free.  steam just gets a cut (about 30%)  from sales made on steam client .   steam gets nothing if you just enter a key you bough direct from maker or Green man or what ever.
"The Witcher has always been about collecting information on your quarry and tirelessly preparing before the quest. I think it elevates the side quests from ""fetch"" the item to more of something like solving a mystery."
"For the love of all that is good, do NOT watch this if you haven't played the game yet. There are alot of spoilers. That being said, go play this game! It's one of my favorite Final Fantasy games to date!"
"I've always had a soft spot for the Assassin's Creed games, but the franchise's lack of innovation has really been killing the series. Black Flag was the best of the bunch since AC2, but even that game had the standard Ubisoft tropes of collect-athons and liberating missions.

I'm willing to buy Syndicate, but Ubisoft's going to need a lot to convince me to do so, especially after the Unity fiasco."
"I can't be the only one that thought Ubi was going to have Watch Dogs be the spiritual successor to AC. Open world, claiming to have a big focus on stealth, but in a modern setting and without the boring pseudo-science storyline."
"nah ill tell them ive liked their games and i hope ill like this one. you guys take this stuff too seriously.

i preordered ACU and enjoyed it from launch. sorry."
"The first 10 hours? The first 10 hours was when my first play session, and in 10 hours you really haven't been anywhere yet."
"If it's already May and they're not even out of the pre-alpha stage of development, then they've got an impossible amount of work to do before the holidays. Not looking too good, IMO."
"I hate to be filled with cynicism, but this game doesn't look too different from the previous AC. I know there's not much that could be changed or improved at this point, it's just that since AC2 there hasn't been a game too memorable, maybe Black Flag because of the theme. I don't know, hopefully I get proven wrong. "
"In complete agreement with you.

The world in each AC game has always been fantastic and you can tell the art department puts their hearts and souls into realizing the place and setting they are aiming for. France, the Caribbean, and Italy were amazing settings from a visual standpoint.

Then the gameplay comes along and hits you upside the head with the same game we've had since AC1. Black Flag and Rogue at least had the courtesy of making naval combat a large element of gameplay. Otherwise, we're stuck with the same stealth, the same fighting, the same ""Rate this sequence"" prompts, 'strongholds', etc. 

If I ever pick up this title, it will be after hearing some amazing praise for the game post-launch in a series that has been in decline."
"Wow, what a great article. I completely agree with every point, and I think decision to ditch pixel art is appropriate on their part. Nowadays a lot of games go for pixel art aesthetic for very little reason and very few of them are able to pull it off effectively. Pixel art is indeed the form of art and should be treated as such. It should be used to achieve something that is otherwise impossible. It is a very labor-intensive and expensive art-style and should not be used to add a little flair to the game. Pixel art game should be build around aesthetic and developers should have great artists on stuff. Resent example of horrible pixel art - Titan Souls. I could not get into that game because of have bad it looked. Artwork in that game was obviously done by very inexperienced artist and end result was horrendous. And for no good reason. I'm sure, they would be able to pull out much better looking game, had they ditched pixel art look. And maybe sell more copies.  

Bottom line: either get great artist or ditch unnecessary pixel art all together. Don't use it as a crutch. Nostalgia is not good excuse anymore."
Lmao at the carriage bowling over street lamps like a Semi. I also like how a man screaming in agony as a knife goes through his head counts as killing him silently. The other patrolmen well within hearing distance didn't even flinch.
I'm not sure how you'd expect to *not* have a load screen when fast traveling.  Is there any game that has managed that?  If that were the case then those reviewers are deserving of losing some credibility.
"&gt; Combat is much more important/faster to the new game (subtitled ""Syndicate"").

They say this with every release. I wonder if it's actually going to be true this time."
Danganronpa spin-off where you play as a sexually frustrated Kyoko Kirigiri? Make it happen Chunsoft.
"Hah, guilty... As soon as I read the title I thought to myself ""Thank the maker!"", like if it were some sort of breaking news.

They really need to kill the E3 presentation, the future of this game is clouded by the dark side."
"I remember it took ten years to turn around and another twenty to make it into the 'return to the battle' void around the map. The Hoth map really didn't have much except the linear path up toward the shield generator and Echo Base.

You guys need to take off the nostalgia goggles because there was NO freedom in the Hoth map for the AT-AT. It was either 'move froward toward the enemy' or 'move backward toward an empty flat abyss and get auto-killed for leaving the map'."
"Just because what they showed *today* is pre-alpha footage doesn't mean that they're still in pre-alpha.

I doubt they hit ""record"" yesterday for the footage they were going to show today."
"Fuck me, I could almost cry. Ragnarok Online was a seminal part of my teen years, and I spent six years in that game. Ragnarok Online 2 was a terrible follow up and was poorly executed. If the music and gameplay is similar to RO at all, I could see this game getting huge. I really hope this happens. "
"With all the negativity that Ubisoft has been generating lately, I've lost a lot of personal hype for this game. Even if the E3 showings were great, Watch Dogs and the Rainbow Six alpha have showed me (and I'm sure many more people) to not trust anything Ubisoft puts out unless it's the actual finished product. And I'm stretching ""finished"" as far as it can go since AC Unity had a half-baked release."
"That part where the announcer was talking about how enviromental kills are new, made me think about that video of Assassins Creed 1 or 2 where Jade Raymond said that it would  be possible to block roads to escape from chasers. 10 games later and they don't get much further than giving you an interactable object to drop down on a guard."
"It's really really hard to get excited for this one.

I've played every single Assassins Creed and just recently started on Unity. If this is anything like Unity I might have to pass on it. Unity is annoyingly overwhelming with all of its fucking collectibles, missions, fucking DLCs, like 3 separate currencies, argh it looks god damned amazing but I can't play more than in short 30 to 45 minute bursts because there's so much....shit. Like not content but just shit. "
"I've been waiting to know more of this and was really hyped because I find this era really interesting. But after watching the reveal all I can say is ""Meh"".

I think that focusing on fights and leaving aside the stealth is a big mistake. I think Kotaku said that the brother/sister playtime wil be 75% / 25% splitted, and the sister is, in theory, the stealth master.

I don't know, all the hype has disappeared, and after reading all the info I found, this game looks like a really big ""meh""..."
"It's the typical Assassin's Creed problem. They just keep tacking on more and more crap instead of stepping back and figuring out how to improve the core of the game.

I don't need a bunch of gadgets, vehicles, and mini games. Just make the free running, the stealth, and the assassinations *fun*.

Taking bets on the time to follow mission on this one."
"My biggest pet peeve with Assassins Creed games is that they always seem to take one step forward and two steps backwards. For example, Revelations introduced bomb crafting and tower defense minigames, which are never to be seen again (not that I missed either but the point is there). Brotherhood introduced competitive multiplayer, which became a staple for the next 3 or 4 games before it was removed in Unity and replaced with lacklustre cooperative multiplayer. Now if stories are to be believed, multiplayer/online is removed entirely from this newest entry. 

Why do they constantly chop and change things and then instead of building upon them in future games, they remove them entirely? Bomb crafting could have been worked upon to extend to crafted traps to disorientate enemies. The tower defense game could have been implemented in to the story in a more appropriate way rather than ""Ahhh, your towers being attacked, tower defense time!"" Competitive multiplayer could have existed alongside cooperative multiplayer, and this along with countless other gameplay elements that have been added/removed over the series could have been perfected by the time we get to play Syndicate... It's incredible the hidden blade has been passed down the generations from assassin to assassin but every other tool stops existing as soon as the new game comes out. 

Personally if competitive multiplayer doesn't return, I won't be buying it brand new. The AC multiplayer was always underappreciated and a lot of fun.

EDIT: To think of other mechanics that have been removed or only seen once. Summoning assassins to attack, sending assassins on missions, the trading system of AC3, the purchasing of shops, upgrading your own little town, the fun temple run style missions of AC2/Brotherhood, the glyphs that unlocked cool lore stuff..."
"It could be, but Watch Dog was also not received that well.  Aside from all the scandals with the graphic quality not matching up with trailer, the game itself was boring and repetitive just like Assassin's Creed.  Players got bored of that game REALLY quick, and the title basically sank."
"So kinda like GTAV? I'm ok with that actually, the multiple characters mechanic GTAV had was one of the best new features in the game. It really helped flesh out the story so this can be good for AC if done right."
"I thought Watch Dogs had some pretty engaging and fairly unique gameplay.  That was one of the few redeeming factors of it.  The story was pretty worthless and visually it was a letdown.  Driving and shooting mechanics weren't anything special either.  But the hacking mechanisms were great and allowed you to do some really fun stuff with a character that was otherwise fairly weak.  I found the moments where you'd basically be solving a puzzle of chaining your way through cameras and activating/hacking things to be exceptionally well designed.  And the ""digital trips"" were some of the best wholly optionally content I've seen in a sandbox game in a long time.

It's not Assassin's Creed, and probably won't be milked anywhere near as hard.  "
"It seems Ubisoft may have learned from the mistakes they made with Unity that it's better to release a playable, polished game later than to release a god awful clusterfuck in time for the holidays."
"Just watched the trailer, and it was illuminating that the dialogue was about 'waking the working class to revolution' but all that assassin-man did was kill them."
I really wish they would stop introducing new weapons that just further trivialize the already too easy combat. I'd rather they pared down the toolkit and put a focus on giving each a strategic use.
"Apparently I'm the only one actually excited for this game. It looks pretty good to me. I like the idea of liberating areas of the city, gang fights between the populace and the thugs, and the rope launcher looked so baller. "
"&gt; Two playable characters, a twin brother and sister.

So the technology to animate female assassins is finally there, huh? That's nice."
"And then there's 50 different versions of every fucking weapon, with minimal differences. Like in Unity, I just used whatever I had until I saved enough money for the best weapon. I never even touched the other 20 swords and maces and axes and rifles and shit."
"Battlefield 3 is a 91 metacritic game for fuck's sake! People on here act like it's a total piece of shit or something. 

I swear to god there's some serious historical revisionism at work among gamers."
"Why should scores be compared to eachother?

 Reviews are for potential buyers. Madden could score a 10/10 while a new Metal Gear gets a 9/10. All this means is that both games are good purchases in their genre. Ultimately your taste in games decide which one you pick up. 

 And if you want to know whether MGS6 or 7 is better, reading the review will give you more answers than the score that is attached to it.

"
"AC: Rogue is about a templar, and it's fucking amazing. It's basically a better Black Flag. Not plot wise, but gameplay wise certainly."
"Is it me or are these games getting further and further away from being stealth focused? I mean when I think of an assassin I think of a figure that goes unseen and works from the shadows and now there's horse carriage chases and characters are sitting in pubs discussing their plans out loud like they don't give a damn.  I was kind of hoping now that this was a game set in London it would be a little more along the lines of old school Thief games with it's open world but still very stealth focused and dark. I mean I enjoyed Black Flag a lot but that was more Pirate's Creed than Assassins, I don't know I feel like this series is getting a little stale. "
"Are there just a lot of teenagers here or something?

GTA IV was unbelievable when it came out. So many perfect scores. Still is a fantastic game, too."
"It also screws with skills, items, and difficulty. The skills are fine imo, but the item progression is basically fucked up.

Exploring isn't rewarded at all because you always find worse stuff than you already have. Quest rewards are removed or just bad. You start with a crafting diagram of one of the best (if not the best) silver swords available in chapter 1. Most weapon effects are removed completely and better armor has damage penalties that aren't worth it. My whole armor stayed the same during almost the entire game. And there are bugs (enemies often stop attacking, a rune adds 200% instant kill chance to your sword, adrenaline regeneration when poisoned doesn't work, there seem to be issues with vitality regeneration during combat, etc.).

The combat is really nice, but I actually can't recommend the mod because of the other changes. At least not for the first playthrough.

"
"I often times took it over to the side base on the right hand side of the map. You could park it there and murder the crap out of the rebel defenders. Promptly leading a horde of storm troopers through the tunnels and taking the speeder base.

You guys apparently never had any want to experiment outside of ""full speed ahead!""    "
"Yip.  I've had AC fatigue for a while now.  These games are the same formula over and over.  Climb a tower to unlock a portion of the map, do some forgettable missions in the area, and repeat. Not to mention all of them are pretty buggy.  

I know it's a pipe dream but I'd really like to see another studio take a shot at the series.  I think the AC storyline had so much potential but it's just been throwaway game after throwaway. "
"Yeah I don't think Deadly Premonition would have worked as well as a movie or tv series.

Half the charm is driving around the town, seeing all the characters of the game going about their business. Doing little side quests for them to get to know them better. Actually being a participant in the story is half of what makes it so engrossing.

"
"I'm pretty sure Ubisoft views Watch Dogs as a huge success. While it wasn't received too positively, it does hold the record of being the fastest selling new IP in the UK. A president at Ubisoft also revealed that Watch Dogs was to be a franchise, I think Watch Dogs is kinda far from being a ""sinking title""."
"The yearly releases killed all my interest in this series. They're so repetitive. They're just the same shit as last year but with some stupid gimmick that may or may not just be an ability from last year with a new name or some shit. Just watching the gameplay of this made me bored...

The worst offender is the shitty combat. Every god damn year they say that its ""difficult"" and ""has depth"" but then it just ends up being the same stupid shit as last year but with a button in a different place.

The stealth's not much better. Hide in linearly placed a bush/group/hay stack and whistle at stupid brainless clones that exist for the sole purpose of pressing X on.

Just mindlessly kill you're way through trivial and linear levels with zero exploration, mindlessly collect stupid shit for an achievement and kill a shitload of brainless guards. 

It's cynical as fuck, but holy crap this series needs some time off. Its like Guitar Hero tier at this point."
"&gt; and the title basically sank

If by sank you mean break Ubisoft's sales records and shipping over 9 million copies, then yes it did.

http://variety.com/2014/digital/news/watch-dogs-breaks-sales-records-for-ubisoft-provides-bright-future-for-original-games-1201210422/

http://www.gamespot.com/articles/watch-dog-ships-9-million-copies-helping-ubisoft-s/1100-6423279/                        

I am not saying that many did not get bored of the game quickly, and that there was ""scandals"" on gaming forums and the like. But there is no way that Ubisoft is not gonna make a sequel to one of the most profitable IP's they have."
"So this game is Pre-Alpha 5 months before launch? Not even Alpha, huh? That's a good sign.

It's like when Battlefield 4 had their ""beta"" test less than a month from releasing. "
"Cool setting; yet I think like many, I am suffering from massive franchise fatigue.  I hope they focus more on gripping narrative and less on collect-a-thon gameplay.  And for some reason the ""Assassin's Creed: Syndicate"" voice at the end just seems way out of place."
"I didn't even bother using non-Armsthrift characters in FE13. The skill was just too good, especially when paired with Limit Breaker. Over 50 Luck meant infinite weapons. Made me actually use the Forge too. I could dump 30,000 on a Tomahawk or Aversa's Night and not worry about it breaking half a battle later."
"My ignorance.  I've been reading too much news from this sub, failed to realized the reception of game on this sub vs. in real life is almost usually opposite.  "
I think they just put the pre-alpha tag there so they have an excuse when something looks bad. Looking back at Unity there probably won't be too many big changes anymore until release.
"20 seconds into the trailer, and I'm already way more interested in the Indian assassin than I am in playing yet another western based AC game.

Edit: fixed accidental plural noun."
"&gt;Multiplayer is gone?

I sure fucking hope so. It's an okay multiplayer, and I know people enjoy it, but ever since they included it, the singleplayer content has gone down in quality, even worse than when they started with yearly releases, they put too much focus on making multiplayer content that the singleplayer gets left behind. Maybe it'll mean they'll focus on it more for once."
"There's definitely this trade-off between the two systems (Skyrim's leveled enemies and Witcher's set level). One encourages early exploration but dilutes late-game experiences while the other might discourage early exploration and limit player experience but has a huge late-game payoff.

Has anyone thought of a system that strikes a balance between these two? I feel like if you put the first ~10 hours or so of gameplay in a smaller, more restricted zone that was still large enough to be explored and have its fair share of secrets before really opening up, you may solve this problem. The execution would have to be perfect, though."
"Same old, same old. Go to Templar controlled area defeat gang leader, set fire to something but now they have added a chase, which looks just like the carriage chace thing we've had since Brotherhood and finally have a fight with multiple enemies with your 'gang'.

Doesn;t seem to be anything new, aside from the 'rope launcher' which takes the challenge of climbing and turns into point, shoot and you're there."
"Yup. They perfected the random islands, which are now different and not just the same one copy-pasted, it has New York which is an ACII level complete city, for city gameplay, and a river valley region which is so much fun to navigate. 

It got a bad rap because Unity released at the same time, and it's a tragedy, because it's a beautiful Assassin's Creed game. And you play as a Templar!"
"Heh... not really man. A lot of those games are pretty rough control wise, or otherwise lack polish/features that you're used to today. "
"This is essentially Ubisoft Open World game 17 at this point.

Honestly, with Batman, Shadows of Mordor and Farcry all sharing identical mechanics it feels like games are getting more and more similar by the day."
"There's a mod for that in Skyrim that has set levels for all enemies. It works fairly well but you're absolutely going to die several times in the early game. You basically have to grind non-combat abilities to level up just to get enough health to do combat-based quests.

This works if you've already sunk a hundred hours into the game and know which quests will kill you and which you are suitably powerful enough to complete. If you were entirely new to the experience you'd probably rage quit after an hour and never come back."
"Are you kidding? Have you ever played a FE game other than Awakening?

&gt;They want players to think smartly about weapon types and enemy weaknesses, not durability management.

So knowing the obvious benefits of a weapon that it says right there on the weapon is the depth of strategy you want? Really? Is having durability as a layer on top of that just too much depth for us stupid gamers?

&gt;Nearly every other JRPG has infinite-use weapons. Finding a rare or stronger weapon should feel like an upgrade, not a tool to be saved for a rainy day. It's an enhanced sense of player progression, and not a trophy collection.

People like you seem to misunderstand that Fire Emblem isn't a game about ""upgrades"" or ""progression"" it's a campaign and you are supposed to get through the 25-35 chapters in the best, most efficient way possible. Your arsenal of assorted weapons are tools to be used wisely when the situation calls for it. Not ""Oh there is a Cavalier better bring out my Horseslayer with infinite charges! Wow I'm really good at strategy games! I knew that a Horseslayer kills Cavaliers! I really had to think that one through!"".

There are a million other games where player progression = better gear, I suggest you go play one of those."
"And yet, having just played Ground Zeroes, I can't say that I've played MGS game that controled or looked nearly as good as it does.

It's just breathtaking and such a joy to play.  It just works and it's intuitive even on the PC where it makes it's first entrance for the platform.

For two hours, I was simply enthralled and I'll probably do the other missions while I wait The Witcher 3 to drop on the 19th."
"High production value and a large advertising budget will do that, regardless of how good it actually is. See Destiny as an example."
"I think everyone thought this was going to be the case. Personally I have no problem with this, there are a lot of games coming out at the end of the year, and very few in the first part of 2016."
"Because despite how shitty they are, they make embarassing amounts of cash. So long as there are hordes of kids with mommy and daddy's credit cards that are happy to pay for power in their games, they will always be relevant.

God I hate Nexon for ruining Vindictus.  "
"Not every addition really makes sense or improves the core game-play. Assassin's Creed 3 felt more like a collection of mini-games than a comprehensive campaign.

Also, when your series is so iterative you can't always keep adding more and more features or you end up with massive feature creep and impossible work-loads.

Sometimes games are best when they focus on something and do that really well, rather than tagging on Mutiplayer just to allow for microtransactions. Now granted, Assassin's Creed MP was fairly unique, but it lacked a long-term appeal and always felt like a gimmick. "
"The thing is what you're describing is incredibly difficult to pull off in a way people will enjoy. Many would just see it as unnecessary restriction. Also different people want different things, for me and I assume many others having areas with incredibly strong creatures right at the beginning is what makes exploring exciting. I want to go find places that are an extreme challenge for me. I don't think a game should strive to please everybody. We can have games like the Witcher for people who want RPGs that focus on storytelling and mechanics that force tough choices and games like Skyrim which let you run around anywhere and do everything possible in one playthrough. I would rather have a focused experience in what it tries to achieve than a game that does a kind of half assed jack of all trades approach."
It's so sad. I really appreciate the effort that the lore team is putting into the series. The environments are always gorgeous and the lore is always pretty well integrated into the historical context of the era.
I feel the same about Pokemon X/Y. One of the biggest complaints was that it was too easy and everyone saying that had Exp. Share on. The first thing I did once I got it was turn it off and it was as challenging as any other Pokemon game. There's nothing forcing players to play in easy mode.
"What's so frustrating with Assassin's Creed is how little they care about **evolving their own genre**. Assassin's Creed 2 was released 6 years ago, and yet we still have the exact same game getting repeated year over year.

At least Call of Duty tries some different stuff, even if it's more gimmicky than anything, they're at least trying.

Here are some things to try out: 

* **Have a genuine open world**. Assassin's Creed games are pitched as ""open world fun,"" but their open world nature has fallen way behind. Rarely do you stumble on something worth exploring or doing. Contrast this with something like **GTA V** or **Skyrim**, where the open worlds add depth by giving you new areas to explore, stunts to try, things to do, and side-quests to pitch in on.
* **Vary combat**. It's weird to me that in previous AC games, your dagger functioned identical to a sword. It's weird that ""bosses""/""targets"" were taken down in the exact same way. Contrast this to **Shadows of Mordor**, which wasn't great, but at least had some modifiers that forced you to think through how to take down a target. Or **Arkham** games, which give you new tools you have to use as you progress.
* **Cohesive story**. Way too often do Assassin's Creed narratives wander into just totally off-topic or boring. Black Flag was an amazing game, but that didn't stop the narrative from dragging on and becoming lazy.

Anyways, I'm not buying another Assassin's Creed until they have a 90+ metacritic again. It's just too long and too boring for me to care, and there are too many decent games out there for me to waste my time on shit I've seen before."
"This more than anything seems to be a move to prevent Rainbow 6 Seige from competing with Division, in order to maximize profits. "
"&gt; Nowadays a lot of games go for pixel art aesthetic for very little reason

I don't know that it's for very little reason. While doing intricate work is indeed very time consuming and difficult, pixel art in general is still an art style you can practically produce with a single person. For indie games, being able to produce a stylized aesthetic with the output of one artist is a pretty big plus, even if they don't necessarily do it well."
"I really admire Klei for being bold and adventurous with each of their projects.  None of their IPs play the same: Don't Starve is sandbox survival, Mark of the Ninja is a stealth game, Shank is a sidescrolling action game, and now they they've made a tactics game.  However, they all still feel like you're playing a Klei game.  In addition to well thought out mechanics, great art direction, and gameplay that rewards skill and familiarity, there's just something I can't place my finger on that tells me I'm playing a game Klei made."
"My problem with it is that it looks like a simple re-skin of AC Unity with no effort or innovation put into it. I was hopeful about the next AC title, but now I'm really disappointed. Bet we'll see even less of the modern day story than what Unity gave us, which was next to nothing as well."
"I think an 8 is a more fitting score. The game has tonnes of shortcomings in terms of AI, level design and story integration. The presentation is unrivaled but if you look past all the gloss you see an above average covershooter with a top-notch story and presentation. But then again I do think scores are entirely meaningless."
"I feel like people like you are looking at the game from today's perspective. 

If you look at it from the perspective of the day that game came out, I think it's easily one of the best RPGs ever.  "
"You might expect there to be a loading screen, but if you feel the need to fast travel a lot you're still looking at a loading screen a lot and that's annoying. If the game is built to encourage frequent fast travelling (and thus loading screens), it's a valid complaint."
"Often, they render the previous installment obsolete. Playing MGS 3 followed by PW and then 1 will make you hate MGS1's controls, so I've heard. However play them by release order and the gameplay simply improves."
"I'm playing GTA V for the first time, and I think while the technical graphics are only slightly better than GTA IV, the city design and general art is *way* better.

Driving around Liberty City always felt kind of drab to me.  Plus the multiplayer was not nearly as fleshed out.  Now in V, I'm flying from the desert to the city in a chopper with my friend, and I'm just stunned by the beautiful city.  Nothing in GTA has looked so good before to me.

GTA IV definitely set all the framework for it, though.  Its achievements are solid."
"It's pretty much a term that's lost its meaning, at least when Ubisoft uses it. This game has probably been in development for about 3-4 years now and they call something that looks close to a finished product their ""Pre-alpha""."
"It's deeply troubling to me that Rainbow Six is more finished than the Division is.  Rainbow Six still needs a hell of a lot more time to bake as of their alpha test, and that's the multiplayer mode, which they started working on *before* the campaign mode."
Freedom Cry suffered the same problem.  It was supposed to be about an uprising of slaves fighting for freedom and it ended up just being the player murdering a bunch of enemies.
"How much does it matter that you play as a templar?

Like i understand the idea of 'you can play as Zerg!' / you can play as the Nazi's!' / you can play as the Covenant!  because all these factions have their own weapons, mechanics and look. 

But when i play an assassins creed game, the word 'templar' has the same meaning as 'bad guys / illuminati' to me. They don't have an unique look to them, they don't have their own weapons , they don't have much that distinguishes them as an exciting 'class' to play. 

How does gameplay change in Rogue while playing the templar? Is it purely a story related thing? Now you get to kill assassins instead of templars and you get another side of the story, or are there actual gameplay changes?

"
"This game is to AC:U as Rogue is to Black Flag.  That's the impression I'm getting, anyway.

It's especially disappointing since Black Flag was an amazing game but Unity... not so much."
"He goes on to get very specific with a side by side .gif of the fireball animations from both games, and explains how it's much more than pants or arms. 

He's glib, but then takes the time to explain it sincerely, which I appreciate."
"""I'm going to turn my enemies against each other"", then proceeds to kill one of them before he can do any damage to the other. "
"Now I'm thinking of a game set in Prohibition-era Chicago, and the main focus being inter-gang warfare."
"This is a incredible good and incredible insightiful blog post. I like everything.  I specially love the font they use, I would download that font and marry her."
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assassin%27s_Creed_Unity

&gt; As of December 31, 2014, Ubisoft has shipped a combined 10 million copies of Assassin's Creed: Unity and Assassin's Creed: Rogue.

I'm not sure if that really matters..."
Is it wrong to say I just don't care about this series anymore? The last one I played was Brotherhood. I feel this series should have ended long ago.
"&gt;You'd have to balance it carefully or else your Lord just becomes an unstoppable wrecking machine.

\*cough* Ike"
"Unity is the first time I've kind of given up on an AC game. Black Flag was amazing, but I think I'm only 15% into Unity and not at all excited about playing it. "
"Good stuff, though looking through some of the notes it seems like a little bit of a disappointment. I remember him saying something along the lines of their goal was being able to reconstruct the the game in the editor and it sounds like its close to that but not quite. Sorry for the run on sentence, I'm on my phone.

Regardless, its a nice update and clarification. "
"It's a shame. Looking back at it I had a lot more fun with Watch Dogs than probably any Ubisoft release since Black Flag. There is a lot of potential there, they just need to up the writing on the characters and tone down the collectibles a bit."
"The choice to go with pixel art - at least in indie/homebrew type games - is usually because it's an easy and fast way to create a consistent art style. I disagree that it's labor-intensive or expensive unless you're going for the metal slug type look. Games like VVVVV, Hotline Miami, or Lyle In Cube Sector aren't necessarily technically impressive but they work well.

I personally am getting tired of the pixel art aesthetic but I understand the reasoning behind it. I believe broforce ditched the [original look](http://xgames.pro/uploads/posts/2015-02/1423848457_broforce-3.jpg) for pixel art for budget reasons, which was a bummer. "
"No longer care. Sorry. It's pretty clear that what was shown is absolute bullshit that isn't going to be delivered. I'm not saying the project will be canceled, but what will be delivered is not going to be the game they showed. "
"&gt; As of December 31, 2014, Ubisoft has shipped a combined 10 million copies of Assassin's Creed: Unity and Assassin's Creed: Rogue

That's combined sales for two games. Assassin's Creed IV sold 11 million copies, so Unity was still probably below expectations for Ubisoft. After all, they did scrap their DLC plans which require a large enough base for it to be profitable."
"I think it's more like this.

Say you take a trip to a lake to go swimming. It's big and beautiful. You dip your toe in and it's refreshing. So you step in and start to walk out where you think you can swim. The water isn't getting any deeper though. So you walk further. Water still isn't deep enough to swim. You keep on walking til you get to the other side of the lake and you realized that you can't swim in this lake at all.

You couldn't really have known that this lake would be so shallow at first experience, everything seemed great. Once you spent time there though, you didn't really get what you wanted.

Now somebody who wants to just skii on that lake or just take in the beautiful vista? They'll be happy as can be.

The analogy might not be perfect, but I think it's pretty good."
"Now, hold on, wait a minute, that's the uh, the bloke you have to assassinate innit?
*looks directly at Animus camera perspective while smiling awkwardly*"
Did something controversial happen with the new Rainbow Six that I missed?  I thought people were really excited by that gameplay that took place in that house. 
That's my favorite part. It closely resembles how an actual Star Wars fight goes down. Like random fighting and then suddenly one super powered dude lands in and wrecks havoc. It's what I'm most looking forward to in the new one. 
"I think the gameplay itself in Last of Us is pretty subpar too. I love the story in the game, but actually interacting with it and playing with it was not very fun."
"Yeah, I have to agree that this sounds a lot like he's just trying to justify why people don't like his work as much as he wants them to.

Like, I'm a professional pixel artist too, and I feel the same way about a lot of things he's talking about, but if you look at [the screenshot of his game](http://i.imgur.com/01sc93K.png) it's kind of a mess. Most of it is executed pretty skillfully but the aesthetic is all over the place, especially the overshaded overdithered UI at the bottom, and everything is so big and detailed that the pixels are inevitably going to get lost.

&gt;and it’s 100% my fault for failing to communicate in a language people understand.

And fuck this quote. That's the most infuriating ""I'm sorry your face hit my fist"" blame-avoiding bullshit. People absolutely love pixel art *when it's done well*. People threw half a million dollars at Hyper Light Drifter pretty much entirely because the art was amazing. Of course it won't jive with every player (I've run into plenty of people who inherently dislike pixel art) but that's no reason to pin your failure on the audience.

EDIT:
&gt;anyone who uses the word [pixelated] clearly doesn’t grasp the concept that pixel art is a deliberate, predetermined art style

Fuck this quote too for the same reasons."
"The public alpha was underwhelming. I thought it was solid, but the overall community was not impressed by it."
"The AC Revelations trailer was one of the best made trailer I have ever seen honestly, shame that same couldnt be said for the game."
"It's easy to promise, but when making a game of this scale alone on Game Maker it's hard to keep them. I'm personally very okay with this. I never expected anything like cutscenes or campaigns, so this is a really nice surprise. And who knows, maybe they'll keep adding new stuff to the editor in future updates."
"No the complaint would be poorly worded at that point.  Saying there are a lot of loading screens implies you are forced to look at a lot of loading screens and that they are mandatory.  Doing so doesn't paint an accurate picture of the state of the game for those trying to make a decision on it.  

If you were to say the game pushes you to use fast travel for [insert reasons] which results in lots of loading time then that would be accurate and useful to know.  Then people who like to use fast travel or agree with [reasons] know they will hit a lot of loading screens; those who don't like to fast travel or for whom the [reasons] may not apply can know it won't affect them."
"I don't know what it is about Klei but they seem to nail every project they do, and they're all so different. But the art style is still recognizable."
"&gt;Just don’t let this sneaking masterpiece slip you by.

Why would he (or she) not just say, ""Just don't let this masterpiece *sneak* by you.""

Snark aside, I'm looking forward to this game. Klei consistently impresses me with their quality and diversity. "
"This article was written by an artist. One of the major points of the article was the fact that general public is very bad at distinguishing good and bad art. He doesn't try to be pretentious, he makes good well supported point and you basically proving him right by praising SF IV in graphics department. And yes, game journalists and critics should be responsible for helping shape tastes of their audience and they doing piss poor job at it. That is a very legitimate concern. "
"Cocky? How about passionate? Is it that hard to sympathize with his frustration? 

You said it yourself, he's after approval. He's just trying to spread knowledge and appreciation of an art form that people see all the time but have no constructive knowledge of. 

Just because he used SF4 as an example of a game he considers ""... to have pretty ghastly art... "" doesn't make him a dick. He's being rightfully critical. 



"
Comments like this have always annoyed me. Assassin != ninja. You can be an assassin without being stealthy. An assassin could definitely use a grenade launcher.
"We're not even halfway through 2015. There's plenty of time for everything to be moved into 2016. Arkham Knight was supposed to launch in Fall 2014. Its current release date is Jun 23 2015.

http://www.gamespot.com/articles/batman-arkham-knight-for-xbox-one-ps4-and-pc-delayed-to-2015/1100-6420046/"
"The one thing I hated about the way Exp share was implemented in Pokemon is that they always give it to you and purposefully handicapping yourself without some sort of intrinsic reward for not using it means that it's always better to leave it on. If I got a medal for not using it, I might've turned it off, but the alternative is grinding for more hours than necessary since there's an item that removes that extra work given to you."
"&gt; Combat is much more important/faster to the new game

I want combat to be less important. One of the game's biggest drawbacks, for myself, is that every ""assassination"" ends up with me killing everyone. "
"At this point, it's kind of foolhardy to really believe any hype for any game/developer at this point.  I think we can all agree that 2014 was a rough year for gaming with the amount of BS that was released (though personally I believed the BS started years prior and 2014 was just the tipping point but... a subject for another time).

I do hope Division lives up to what they promise, it did pique my curiosity, but at the end of the day, let the game prove itself rather than believe the marketing.  I know personally, I've  adopted the wait and see methodlogy for years now, and honestly it has paid off for me quite well."
"You can see all the major DLCs [here](http://www.ckiiwiki.com/Downloadable_content). In my opinion, they're all skippable to some degree depending on your personal preferences. That being said, the ones that add significant mechanics are probably better to start off with. IE, Legacy of Rome, Charlemagne, and Way of Life (Sons of Abraham is included in the Humble Bundle).

Then get Sword of Islam if you want to play as Muslims, Old Gods for pagans, The Republic for merchant republics, and Rajas for Indians. Skip Sunset Invasion unless you like weird, alternate history. "
"No way dude.  Might as well make it a GTA game.

Assassins Creed needs less guns and more stabby slashy things."
"The interesting thing about Freedom Cry is that for all the slaves you free, you unlock new weapons. Slaves are your currency."
"how can this game be anything but average to decent and extremely overhyped

just feel I've seen this storyline in video games before, even by same company"
"I played the games long after Mass Effect 3 controversy, and I had no idea the ending had major issues until I came across a vitriolic discussion on the internet. I played the series with, I think, all of the DLC including the extended ending. I can see why some people are still upset about the 'colored' choices at the end -- it would have felt far more natural for the ending to be a natural result of the choices you've made throughout the game, if not the entire series. But in the end, none of that really mattered. You're given three choices and told to limp towards one of them. Brutal, given the time investment a lot of players put into the series. 

Overall, however, I think Mass Effect stands as one of the better narrative-driven games I've ever played and I'm an absolute nut for sci-fi and fantasy literature. However, I do hope that the future Mass Effect can stand apart from its predecessors, with a few callbacks here and there for Mass Effect veterans. "
"Quit announcing release dates you can't remotely follow through on. Honestly, there's no excuse for a game to be delayed over a YEAR past the release date. A few months I get, but that is ridiculous. If you're that clueless about how complete your game is, don't announce a damn date!"
They are marketing Division to basically be an MMO. If this is true it'll definitely require more time to make than Seige 
Honestly if you want the DLC for EUIV and CK2 (which you most likely do) then this bundle isn't too good. They should've just given the DLC with EU4 (at least) since that is where the cost for the game is really concentrated these days.
"Ending on release was terrible, awful, out-of-character, was against everything you've learned throughout the series, against every theme, 2 of the choices were outright stupid and 3rd choice had **insanely** forced sacrifice, which didn't make any sense. In general it seemed like a bad joke and I couldn't believe ""it wasn't just a dream"" when I've seen credits. Then they announced Extended Cut, everyone's hopes were up, everyone hoped we'd get a true ending... but it just added questionable context for their bullshit, that stupid little fuck noone wanted to see kept talking even more and we've seen Normandy deploy from orbit in 5 seconds.

Apart from that the game itself was great, even though it lacked in terms of big dialogue trees and some huge choices from earlier games fell flat (Rachnii, council) and some were handled very well (Quarians, Geth). The sections which stand out are most definitely Rannoch, Tuchanka and Mordin's story arc, which were all written by the same person, Patrick Weekes.

Edit: on release there were just 3 choices, rejection was added in EC and it was of equal quality."
"&gt;  I thought that Bioware was trying to go for something a little on the esoteric side

That's the problem, not because people can't see it, but because it doesn't match the rest. The series were about heroes, heroism, and victory against seemingly undefeatable threat. You can't give Avengers the ending of Schindler's List and expect people to say ""oh yeah, that's very good because that's very deep and kinda sad""."
"I have watched almost all the content available so far and I have to say that this game is not what we hoped it would be. The main resemblence to Ragnarok Online aside from the asthetics is the job system, where every class branches of into multiple other classes at a certain level. Now while this made sense in Ragnarok and was one of it's best features, they drove it to an extreme in Tree of Savior. There are so many classes that every single one of them is extremely specialized or one-dimensional. Think of a mage that will only be able to cast damaging ice spells. Ever.

Aside from that the game has very little to offer. It's extremely linear, there are no open areas like in Ragnarok. Exploration is non-existent. They implemented a very generic quest hub system (another thing where the absence of it made Ragnarok such a great game) that will guide you through every area with ""kill x mobs of type y""-type quests. 

The item system is another thing that is shockingly mundane. The awesome card system from Ragnarok is replaced. Now only bosses drop cards and they can't be slotted into your equipment.

The list goes on and on. Really, the only thing ToS has going for it are the awesome graphics, animations and a nice (but not Ragnarok-nice) soundtrack."
"The ending... it still hurts, especially when you think about how much potential it had. I expected so MUCH MORE.  
A good example would be New Vegas. What I enjoyed is that your decisions actually affected the few final quests gameplay-wise, it wasn't just an altered line of dialogue here and there. Not to mention that the game reveals fates of many characters and towns you interacted with. And this ALL DECISIONS MATTER™ thing was never a part of their marketing campaign.  
Unlike Mass Effect. Three games of build up ended with a soul-crushing disappointment. Even Extended Cut wasn't a huge help.  
They should have rolled with the indoctrination theory to escape this trainwreck with minimal damage, but that would cost them money of course. "
"Mass Effect 3 is a weird bird. It's simultaneously one of the absolute best and worst experiences of my life. 

A little back story: I discovered the ME series by complete accident. I got drunk one night and walked over to my buddy's house and he was playing it. He handed me the controller (I had really no interest) and told me to explore some planets. The next day I bought an Xbox and picked it up. 

I picked up Mass Effect 3 at midnight, made sure I had vacation days at work to use,  rushed home and started to it. The narrative is amazing. The game starts off with everything you were trying to protect in the last two games being literally demolished in front of your eyes. It added a sense of urgency to your quest (albeit a bit undermined by my constant side questing) to have the galaxy take up their arms in solidarity. 

Shep, to me, is a quintessential bad ass. Though you decide his backstory, and ultimately where he's going, he's such a well rounded character (because of or in spite of my choices) that I legitimately cared for the guy at the end. And it wasn't just him. I busted my ass to save certain characters, they mattered to my quest. Their grievances were real, and often quite sad. The Krogan, the tragic race, I was completely affected by [ME 1 spoiler](#s ""The Krogan Genocide. I had to save Wrex. He was my friend. I couldn't just shoot him in the head. He had a point"")

The races and companions all made sense in their odd way. 
And after the journey that was the Mass Effect Trilogy, this was the payoff. 

Then it happened: That ending. I have never been more disappointed in my life, seeing as how all the difficult, moral and immoral decisions I had made...led me to a platform where there were [ME3 Spoiler](#s ""three choices given to me by a random sky daddy in the last ten minutes"")

Perhaps I am one of those entitled gamer pricks that bitched and moaned so Bioware would have to do something. But damn, I was promised that my mission would matter. I took that to heart. And after the white light, the game was just such a let down, in a way the whole series was at this point. I thought it was just such lazy writing and lazy QA that it literally made me sick. I thought this was a jest. Surely there would be more than this? I tried all the endings, and they all were sobering wine. The dream was over and the finality was a terrible mess. 

Does this make ME 3 a bad game? No, it doesn't. It has one of the absolute best DLC sections, as well opening narratives of any game in the last ten years. But there's no way around those endings. They were terribly uninspired, especially with all the lore they had built, the character progression, and all the people who lost their lives in your journey. 

EDIT* I'd also like to point out that I thought the ""fix"" to the endings was just as bad. I believe it to be a situation that Bioware should have never found themselves in. Perhaps they tried to cram too much into a finale.

"
"Really, what Fallout: New Vegas did right, and what so many other games, including Mass Effect 3 and many others do wrong, is having the big choice of the game made about halfway through, rather than at the very end when it's too late to see the consequences."
"Shit, is Bayonetta 2 ***THAT*** good? I own a Wii U and loved the first one. I figured it was something I could wait on for a bit, but if they're putting it in the same league as OoT, CC, GTA IV, MGS4..."
"The thing is, while practically every task you have to do in a RPG can be boiled down to the technical core definition of ""fetch quest"", that isn't how your average gamer, or actually most people who even know about videogames and the concept of fetch quest use the term.

""Fetch Quest"" makes people think of WoW. 

* ""Get me 10 boar skins""
* Go there, kill some boar
* Realize that only ~20% of boars seem to even have a skin
* after killing 50 boars, return 10 boar skins for your reward

""Fetch quest"" refers to *a shallow and uninspired activity*.

Why they decided to use the (by now severely ""tainted"" term) for what are thought to be cool little scavenger hunts/investigations in a game that tries to not be shallow and uninspired is beyond me.

**TL;DR:**  
If you don't want a negative connotation, don't use the term ""fetch quest""."
"It's a series that has a unique space in the market. I think open world games where you play as an assassin will always sell. But I wish the games weren't as interconnected as they were. I tend to skip generations of the game because I do expect more of the same. So whenever I play an AC game, I'm completely lost as to what is going on..."
"It's honestly kind of depressing that I just can't get excited for games anymore. I see something get announced and literally the first thought on my mind is ""I really hope the game isn't lazy/buggy/boring"" instead of ""Wow this looks really cool."" The last time a game met my expectations was with Titanfall, even with its small amount of content. Such a fun game that I can play today and enjoy. "
"&gt;How was the narrative presented in this game? How did it stand out?

The narrative was much linear then the other two games, you didn't have a bunch of choices on where to go first. It was always, go here, do this then move on. I get its a war and all but wars have multiple fronts with plenty of places to help with the fighting. 

There is one, annoying critical plot point that always nagged at me, and that is the Crucible, a thing like that could of been hinted and hidden all the way to the first game, whats even worse is that they were working on Mass effect 2 at the time of ME3, so I feel like they could of hinted at this deus-ex-machina of a weak easy way out plot device very early instead of literally pulling it out of thin air to happen.

&gt;Does the game do a good job concluding the story from the previous games?

I think it does a pretty good job at this, with a few characters standing in to explain the events of the last few games. Not overly well, but not bad. It was being marketed as the last of the trilogy so those who came in hoping every single detail being explain is a bit foolish. 

&gt;Looking back, what do you think now about the ending debakle?


I think there was legitment reasons to be upset. There were many promises to say the game wouldn't have a 'press a button and here's your ending' but we got it still. Mostly because of leaks, and changes. The whole ending was written by one guy, and it truly did feel rush and out of nowhere. Now if the ending was in fact apart of the indoctrination theory that was spreading around for awhile, it would probably be one of the single greatest ending and I wouldn't mind the choose-your-own-path if was more along the lines of something to deal with shepard's mind. I mean a few points in the game was trying to deal with Shepard's mentality during this whole event. As well as fit into this whole Lovecraftian-Cosmicism theme.  

 &gt;Were the decisions from this and the previous games well managed?


I don't think so, for explain the rachnai queen comes back, no matter your choice from the last game, and is still evil. No matter who you choose for the seat on the councle udina still gets on the seat...and turns evil. On the flip of the dime, out of nowhere. Just because he was the guy who kept bitching at you for the past two games. Would of been great if it was someone we liked, and not someone who we all wanted to punch in the face whenever he got on screen for his slimy attitude. As for most of the other choices they round out as little cameos here and there as well as basically numbers. 

As for the choices made in this game? They arn't that good in my opinion, the only great choice I liked was one that had effects from the previous game and that is the Geth vs Quarian fight, where the choices and actions of the last game effect what choices you can make. It shows how this choice system can actually benefit. One choice I find really weak was the one on the Krogans homeworld. You are given the choice of making sure the cure is never brought, at the help of salarian getting to work on the deus-ex-machina, in the end they still come to help you because they get fucked by Reapers making that whole bit meaningless. There really is no negative in the game for curing one of the major events in the games lore.  

&gt;Were the characters well written and interesting?

Here comes the strongest part of why I still play this game. This game does so much to round out and give a good time to these characters that will probably be the last you see of them. They do such a good job in the base game with almost each squad member getting some time alone with Shepard and really connecting but in the citadel takes it up a notch with a true final hurrah with many friends and allies coming to help. It truly is a good way to send off the series. 

There is one character out of all of them that I can not stand no matter what, and that's Kai Leng. Just what the hell were they thinking when they were making this character? He looks like a cross between Metal gears Cyborg ninja and a comic book super hero, and while both play up with camp and crazy tropes making you used to it in mass effect it feels...silly, just down right silly. Kai Leng could of been a good anti-shepard showing what Shepard could of become if he had stayed with Cerberus...Oh and that's another thing I'm not exactly too happy with, Cerberus turns from being 'the renegade to the Alliance paragon' but then even without any real good reason they just turn evil for the sake of needing a human enemy. if they made the illusive man's reasoning make more sense like with Saren, where you could almost believe the things he says, then I wouldn't mind it. But in the end Cerberus just turns into a cartoon villain.  

Overall I like this game. There are points I hate, like the cyborgninjanightwingwannabe Kai Leng, but really, I can bare with those moments. I know I can seem negetive about this game, but gameplay, stories dealing with the characters you've spent the past two games on, and the events leading up to a 'eh' ending were all well and good. Almost perfect. They make me come back to it again and again despite its flaws because it still feels like a good way to end the trilogy. 

Not saying its bad, not saying its good, but we could of gotten worse, and in the end I'm still happy with what we got and am still satisfied for the major part of the story. Despite its more silly bits."
"Well, considering IV is 7 years older than V and Rockstar has released several games in between, it isn't surprising that they have improved in almost every department since."
"The negativity is because of the fact we've seen the same shit for the past 6 years now. They don't innovate the series and it's become painfully stale. 

What we saw today is nothing different to the other games. This series needs a few years away from the scene and get some proper development time with fresh ideas. "
"It seems like Klei is just killing it these days.  From an unispired beginning with Shank, they've hit it out of the ballpark with Mark of the Ninja and Don't Starve.  This was definitely on my list because of their past games, but the reviews have shot it up the list."
"I feel like The Division has been out for ages and I've not even seen much of it, just based on the hype. It got like this with Watch Dogs.

In fact this is almost exactly how the Watch Dogs marketing campaign went too. Game announced 2 years in advance of release date, release date put back further, release date put back to Early of the following year.

I'm going to assume that the footage we've seen so far was almost 100% pre-rendered prototype stuff."
"The music is by SoundTemp once again, the same creators of the original RO soundtrack! (The vast majority of it anyway~)"
"The article was written by an artist and he looks at it from professional standpoint. From standpoint of what is hard to do as an artist. What takes more labor and knowledge. His point of view is quite technical, really. And he mentions it - general public does not think that way. General public just cannot distinguish this kind of stuff. And people who should educate general public and help to shape their tastes (e.g. game journalists) doing pretty bad job at it."
"I really liked the new exp-share.  While playing the campaign, I catched nearly every wild pkmn and circled through my team a lot.  
In the end I had like 20 different monsters, all at the (or slightly below) the average trainer level, which made the game somewhat challenging."
"I am still baffled that they did not continue to roll with the Indoctrination Theory. It really made so much sense, and I still do not understand why Shepherd ""wakes up breathing"" amidst the rubble in the ending which would've made sense to fit the theory."
"I was going to write another preview of this, [like the one I did before here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/2e1833/invisible_inc_hands_on_preview/), but a lot of this reviews are pretty well done seemingly in terms of descriptions of the game itself. I've played it once through on the final release and the only complaint I had about it was the final mission being a bit of unbalanced bs, but they already added in an option to remove the unfair portions of it (there are many different customizeable campaign options you can do). This game does have a great degree of difficulty options now, so if you are really intimidated by the you die and lose everything nature of it, well you can set it to easy where you can replay levels, rewind your turns and several other things. On the other side of things, you can set your difficulty to the hardest and on ironman so you have replays, rewinds, and if you lose a level that is it. 

This game handles corporate espionage better than anything I've seen before (Gunpoint is pretty good too though), and like any other Klei Entertainment game it has tons of style, polish and depth. There are so many ways to upgrade and outfit your agents as you muddle through the short-ish campaign (depending on how you pick your levels it is probably 2-4 hours long), and most likely you will fail at least once due to your own mistakes or just getting stuck on a hard level that you did not prepare well for. Like most hardcore rogue-like games it does reward you fairly well when you lose, because not only do you have plenty of knowledge about how to better deal with future campaigns and difficulties, but you unlock (based on how much xp you earn/that is, how far you got before dying) new agents and hacking programs that you can use from the start. If stealth games are at all interesting to you then you should really check this one out. Klei has another really good game on their hands. "
I think shadow of mordor was bad at scaling difficulty and it got boring quickly. Even bosses were no challange after a certain point. This resulted in a less enjoyful nemesis system. The upgrades you get when level up completely nullifies any challange in the game. I am not sure we have played the same game as you said it got praised for this particular thing. I get that your hero should get much more powerful as you level up but there was nothing that could threaten you in the end game.
"That's a deduction that anyone who's played the series would agree with, not an assumption. If you remove a mechanic from the game then the game loses depth, who would have known?"
"I just think it depends on the type of game. Some games are just trying to accomplish different things. It's fine to just want everything to be as interactive as possible but if developers have a really strong vision about what they want their game to be, they should push for that no matter how ""cinematic"" it is."
"I loved the Mass Effect series and the first one is my favorite. However, I do have some criticisms. In ME1, the renegade path was more of the ""ends justify means"" and about advancing humans. Killing the Rachni queen is a good example of a logical renegade decision. Maybe the Ranchi aren't worth the risk of bringing them back? (Well, they come back anyway regardless of your choice but that's a different point.) However, by ME2 the renegade path is just darkside and you even start looking like a Sith. Furthermore, every renegade decision is inferior and never works out so you forced to play paragon if you want the asset points. Kinda negates the point of choices when they aren't difficult.. "
"I don't know what happened to Bioware writing, but nearly everything new introduced in Mass Effect 3 was rather bad in my opinion. Story arcs started in previous games were good and some of the best moments of the trilogy, but most everything else was a mess.

New characters were bland or didn't fit the setting. Especially corny were EDI with sexy android body and Kai Leng the space ninja. 

Ending was the biggest problem of the game. Nothing wrong with setting up it had, with ancient superweapon etc. But then somehow Citadel has these powers to destroy entire mass relay network or to turn everything in the galaxy into a mix of organic and synthetic. Previous games were rather strict with how technology worked, everything scifi was based on the mass effect fields which raise and lower the mass of things inside them. A phenomenom that is caused by dark energy which is released when manipulating a new material called the Element Zero. It explained FTL travel, shields, weapons and biotic abilities. How the ending worked is left unexplained by the physics and laws of the game universe. And the logic behind Catalyst controlling reapers and then giving you the choice of the future of the galaxy due to reasons?

Also the whole theme of the games was kind of a cop out in my opinion. The reason for the creation of Reapers was to stop artificial life from destroying it's creators? Sure that conflict was explored with the war between Quarians and Geth but it still feels kind of too simplistic. Maybe the games would have been better without revealing the reason behind the Reapers? Or going with the scrapped dark energy threatening the universe ending, after all mass effect fields create dark energy and the mass effect was central focus of the games. "
"&gt; Look at Binding of Isaac comparing to Rebirth

Well, it was made in Flash. Flash, like pixel art, has a very particular aesthetic due to limitations of the format. The limitations of course being a large part of why they didn't use Flash for Rebirth."
"Skyrim was top-notch 10/10 entertainment for a solid 50 or so hours for me. Then the high began to fade, slowly at first and then faster and faster, especially once I began replaying it. Then it just crashes completely and never recovers. But those first 50 hours were glorious.

Here's to hoping the Witcher can do better than that. So far it's looking good I think."
"Look at [Machinarium](http://machinarium.net/). It was made in Flash. Aesthetic of first Isaac is just that - aesthetic. As far as 2d graphics goes, you can pull almost anything in Flash."
"God... Mass Effect. 

It was, for me, what truly ushered in the modern AAA gaming experience. I don't think any single part of the original game's story-telling experience was revolutionary, per sé, but what was presented was so well-wrought and tightly packaged that it stood head and shoulders above any preceding ""story-driven"" RPG. There was a beautiful balance between a focused, cutscene-driven method of story telling, and a more open, encyclopedic method of information collection. Not only were you compelled to push the story forward, to see the universe expand in relation to the perspective and actions of the characters, you were richly rewarded for exploring off the beaten path with cascades of information about the universe and all of its myriad planets, cultures, and technologies. Particularly poignant moments include [spoiler](#s ""the discovery of Cerberus and their hand in the deaths of alliance forces and Admiral Kahoku, and the discovery of the half-buried pyramid that reacted to the pendant given to you by the Consort Sha'ira""). My favourite feature of ME1, by far, were the narrated codex entries on every aspect of what made the universe tick. I'm an aerospace engineer and I've always had a fascination with space, space exploration, and planetary and orbital mechanics, so getting to read full descriptions of all the planets on the map was a huge plus for me (hrs in a day, days in a solar revolution, AU distance from star, gravity norm, etc. I *loved that*). In my opinion, the original Mass Effect was the perfect science fiction game because of how well-writen the (literal) universe was. I still hold it as the quintessential sic-fi RPG.

Moving on to ME2, I felt there was a noticeable shift of focus away from the ""world"" of Mass Effect and instead a greater emphasis was placed on the individual character stories. It isn't too surprising, as now the player is more familiar with the environment of the game there's more room to focus on the ""human"" elements. And that's not to say that exploration didn't still reward the player with more lore and information, but it certainly felt more streamlined away from it. Rewards were fewer text boxes and codex entries, and more ""+1 Item"" prompts. Many see ME2 as the pinnacle of the series, and for my part I feel an incredible affinity for the game to be sure, but I feel that there was a sense of galactic wonder lost between the original and the sequel. I also lament the shift away from the more rigorous (some would say clunky) RPG elements, such as armor and weapon component customization, and the massive skill menus. I'm a weirdo like this, but I actually *prefer* the combat in ME1.

As for 3... it truly was a marvel of deep, impactful, emotional story-telling, until the last 20 minutes. The greatest tragedy in it all, for me at least, was the sense of utter futility in all the work I had done. I felt like my years of decision and action had been laid to waste in what amounted to nothing more than a choice of just how bad I wanted the final outcome to be, without truly changing the outcome. I disliked the ending, yes, but what upset me so deeply was that I no longer felt the need to start over from step one, because nothing I did in ME1 and ME2 would matter, in the end. In the years leading up to Mass Effect 3, I had played the original from start to finish at least ten times, and all of a sudden, that experience felt hollow. I went back and watched the extended endings on Youtube, and felt some sense of relief in them, but the damage had been done and I still feel the series was marred. Having said that, the care I felt for each of my allies at the end of the series speaks to how truly well-crafted the story telling was.

Someday I'll go back and start ME1 over from the beginning, and see if that sense of wonder still holds up."
"I've always liked the weapon durability in the Fire Emblem series - it gave this sense of ""use weaker but more plentiful weapon or stronger but rarer""? Just added to the tactics."
"Do you think there will be more stuff in 15$ bracket? As I own most of Paradox stuff already, everything in 15$ bracket, so I think I'll just go for more the average."
"&gt; This game handles corporate espionage better than anything I've seen before

Yep, it nails the mood, both through the story framework the gameplay hangs on, the gameplay itself, and the environments. 

I notice I'm buying into it, when I do a fast job and clear the place out without any enemy interaction it feels awesome, but if you're tripping over all the guards you've stunned and more are arriving next turn because you've taken so long it feels like you're a sloppy amateur agent.

Another great thing is that it has similarities to XCOM or Shadowrun, or stealth games, but it avoids treading on their toes and is it's own unique experience."
"It hasn't lost its meaning.  I'm working on a pre-Alpha game that's about 6 months from release.  All that means is that not all of the levels have reached ""Alpha Final"" yet.  Trust me when I tell you that the levels that are not at Alpha yet are very much pre-Alpha.  The developers will polish up a level or sections of a level for use in promotional materials like this, but there's no doubt in my mind that the rest of AC Syndicate is still rough as hell, with placeholder art all over the place.  They prioritize sections of the game to be able to give a vertical slice of what the final game will look like.  That doesn't change the fact that the game itself is still in pre-Alpha.

It really feels like the people who say things like this have never worked in game development."
"(x-post of my initial reactions on /r/assassinscreed)

I was kind of hoping that Ubisoft would take a risk and explore settings outside of just Europe and parts of the Middle-East.
I honestly feel like this feels more like Unity DLC than an actual separate game. The setting feels fairly similar and the whole poor vs. rich thing (while I do like it) feels like more of Unity.

The most interesting part of the gameplay demo was the Arkham City-esque wire, which seems like it might be fun. I wonder how much it might take away from the parkour, though.

The carriage looks like it takes a lot of fun away from the whole 'traversing' the city thing. I guess more options isn't a bad thing, but still..

Isn't the hallucinogenic smoke bomb just a redone berserk dart? I almost never used those in my playthroughs, so I can't really look forward to that.

I honestly think the woman and the Indian (?) male in the beginning seem a lot more interesting as characters than Jacob (though we only did see a few minutes of dialogue from either). I did notice that there were a lot more females throughout the video, though I do find it interesting that people asked for more female protagonists and Ubisoft responds by making more antagonists women.

I've been a HUGE fan of the series, but, after watching the gameplay video, it just looks really... well boring. Everything - the protagonist, gameplay, ""Borgias towers v. 4,"" gameplay, and so on just feels.. uninspired at this point. When I saw Unity, I wanted to play the game ASAP, but not so much for this one.

I hope I'm wrong. I guess I can only just wait and see how it ends up.

Edit: Just read that you also get to play as Evie, who is apparently Jacob's twin sister. I'm really really glad that Ubisoft listened to fans during the whole Unity fiasco when we asked for playable female protagonists in the singleplayer."
"They weren't aesthetic considerations. They ditched Flash because of technical limitations with Flash as a game medium. You can make some very pretty games with vector art through Flash, but as a game engine Flash has its own problems."
"It's worth finishing, but you shouldn't really bother with taking your time. Just rush through it and move on to AC3 (and more importantly, Black Flag). "
Ye after AC2 and AC:Brotherhood it went down hill in my opinion it only got worse every game exactly the same gameplay where you can easily take on a army if you just spam the same buttons again and again and that for a stealth game it's not really a stealth game in my opinion.
"It definitely isn't game-ruining. Your units will use their weapon against a single opponent 3 or 4 times tops in a battle, less if they're a crit-based class or you hit on enemy weaknesses. The game also throws tons of weapons at you if you end your turn on sparkling spots on the battlefield. Once you've finished, iirc, the fourth or fifth campaign mission, you also get the option to buy ""reeking boxes"" from that mission's location, which allow you to fight low-stakes battles on demand to turn a profit and gather those items from sparkling tiles that I mentioned.

Additionally, only very powerful weapons have less than 20 uses to them, so as long as you keep a low-level (bronze or iron, or base staff/spellbooks) in a character's inventory, they'll never find themselves defenseless. Weapon durability was a huge pain in the ass in previous installments of the series, but in Awakening, it's a negligible mechanic as long as you're at least a tiny bit diligent. It *is* a great game, and weapon durability is a tiny quibble in one of the best 3DS games out there."
"I've said it before and I'll say it again: Klei have proven themselves to be some of the most talented devs in the industry. Not only do they make incredible games, but they make incredible games that span vastly different genres. A lot of developers know how to do one type of game and do it well, but Klei seem to be able to do it all. 

Really wanting them to tackle a turn-based RPG soon. "
"There are several super early development stuff in there. None of the animations look final. NPCs all have a funny T-Pos stance when they go to shoot/aim guns and when the demo shot down the barrels, the enemy pretty much clipped through the whole object before toppling over.

Definitely changes will be done. The Ubi hate train is kind of obnoxiously illogical at this point."
"Literally no one knows that. Be cautious all you want but cynicism gets no one anywhere. Just makes yourself unhappy more. 

Be cautious, question the things being made, but outright saying something we've barely seen *will* be bad or whatever will ruin the opinion just as much as overhyping. "
"Yes, but they didn't have to ditch artstyle with it. They didn't have to go with pixelated look. And they didn't have to go with clean look in the first game either. Both aesthetic choices in this case have nothing to do with the engines they were using. Flash can use raster art."
"Flat out excellent game. Loved it in beta, love it now.

Also, in the Hardcore Gamer review saying  ""While its artstyle creates a fair amount of clutter"", I don't think they saw the T button to make the walls small or use ALT to see things easier."
"They could make an amazing game and it still would be called trash by people who are Overhyping or being overly cynical about it, otherwise known as the people taking video games too seriously. No one has a ""I'm not certain on *enter game here* but I'm willing to be open minded about it"" point of view in this hobby. 

We've barely seen anything about the game and 90% of this sub trashes it, from what I've seen. That's ridiculous and incredibly cynical. "
"More like tempered expectation.  If you believe that certain publishers/developers are immune to where the industry is going, you might want to take off those rose tinted glasses.  I have been burned enough in the past (makes me sound old lol) by every ""good"" company that I stopped playing the hype game years ago.  I put no faith in any one company or series, but rather let their games prove they're worth my time rather than listen to the loud echo chamber.

Eventhough I have this stance, I have been rather optimistic of the near future of where we might head... but I guess time will tell."
"&gt;  From an unispired beginning with Shank

I'mma be honest, Shank and Shank 2 were the games that put Klei on my watch list. Even though I think Mark of the Ninja is their best game by far, I thought Shank and Shank 2 were really really solid games that were a ton of fun."
"The renegade dialogue tree went from being a badass who still did the right thing in ME1 and 2 to a full-blown, genocidal maniac in ME3. It's very odd to see, especially when you play all the three games in a row."
"Requiem is the mod you are referring to, I believe, it is a great one that has deleveled enemies, and is quite punishing especially early on."
"This bundle would be absolutely amazing if they included the Vicki 2 and HoI 3 collection rather than just the base game. Both those games don't have that much DLC, but the core DLCs are really required to have a great experience. 

This way I wouldn't really recommend this bundle to anyone unless you are only going for the basic tier and mainly want war of the roses:kingmaker and knights of pen and paper. If you want to get into the grand strategy titles it's much better to go for the game specific collections in a steam sale because they come with most DLC (all for older games and all but the most recent* for CK2/EU4). 

*-usually- You have to check because the collections of the active games (CK2, EU4) normally get updated once new DLC comes out."
"&gt; *pixel art should be built around aesthetic*

I agree for some of the reasons you've listed, and a great example of a game that truly built a pixel artstyle around an aesthetic was **Shovel Knight**.

That game was designed with the limitations of the NES in mind, while also sprinkling in a sense of modern game design philosophy, which was executed quite well.

I highly recommend [reading this article](http://yachtclubgames.com/2014/07/breaking-the-nes/) where one of the guys from Yacht Club Games explains the process, and actually gives a real reason for why Shovel Knight's aesthetic is less of a fad and more of an homage."
"I think the article is well articulated for the most point, but I have to agree with you on the screenshot. The gameplay board itself with the hexagons looks pretty great, but the bottom and top parts are extremely ugly IMO.

I'm not sure if it's just me, but I personally think it'd be much better with a modern, fully scalable UI that didn't rely on pixels, and have the actual middle game part remain in it's current pixel style. I think that would alleviate some of the issues they're having with some large devices and such.
"
"The KOF/SFIII/SFIV example fucking *killed* me. I think that's the heart of what bugs me about pixel art. Good spritework and animation takes a ton of work, but only very few people care. Most pixel art, however, is done for nostalgia-cred or out of laziness."
"This is based on past behavior from video game companies going back a long time. ""In game"" footage that is nowhere to be seen at launch. Claims of 1080p or 720p turning out to be up scaled lower resolutions. Features slowly being reduced or removed as the game draws near. Etc, etc, etc. 
  
The promises made in the trailer looked great. They looked fun. So did the promises made when WatchDogs was announced. The Witcher 3, while still a good game, was also over represented. Broken Age was supposed to be much better than it was, and had massive development delays. This is the trend we're getting with games these days. 
 
These games are still fun, or at least alright, but they're not what was promised. The Division was announced 2 years ago with what was supposed to be in game footage. With yet another delay, I'm just saying that they've lost my interest and that I'm not expecting what they promised back in 2013. The clock on that hype has run out. "
"Take a look at what Arc System Works did when they moved Guilty Gear to 3D:

http://www.gdcvault.com/play/1022031/GuiltyGearXrd-s-Art-Style-The

That's an example of preserving careful artistic expression while using more modern rendering and animation technologies."
"It's ok if you accept that you have to cheese your way through the game with gimmicky tricks.

That was the parts I really disliked in HM1 — fortunately there were very few areas where that was prevalent."
"Yeah, the crucible as a deus ex machina was just atrocious. I get it, they pumped up the reapers lore-wise into something that should be unbeatable by the citadel races, so it makes sense they'd need some super weapon in order for it to make sense. But the way they handled it was not really very good.

And I still want my conversation with Harbringer goddammit! That's another thing that pissed me off, the fact that the bad guys didn't get a voice this time around. The conversation with Sovereign is one of the best moments in the series, posibly the best of the first game altogether. They were talking about Harbringer ever since ME2 and then he never shows up. It was a terrible way to handle it."
Call me crazy (or of the same thinking as many people) but The Last of Us is my favorite video game. I have never been as enchanted by a game and I think an 8 is just a criminal score to give it. To each his own I guess.
"&gt; while the technical graphics are only slightly better than GTA IV

Whaa?! 
I think you're remembering GTA IV differently.

If you go back and check it now after having played V you'll be stunned by how bad it looks now. "
"They're for creating a distraction, not killing somebody. If you get somebody with a dart, all the guards within a 10-15 ft radius run over to him, which gives you plenty of space to maneuver stealthily."
"Like XCOM, stealth, hacking, and stylish cyberpunk?  Get this game!  SO GOOD.

If you're not sold, check out this breakdown of a single well designed game mechanic: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFBGPWNS_Fo"
"To be honest, I kind of prefer the pixel art aesthetic for Broforce better. The good thing about pixel art is that it's still technically a low enough resolution that it's not as easy to make things look bad, or jarring. The artstyle for original Broforce doesn't really look good, at all. The grass does, the trees look alright, and the background looks nice, but everything else is too jarring. It doesn't look like it was made by the same artist, and it looks almost haphazardly placed, while with the pixel art, things tend to blend a bit easier, as the style can't vary from prop to prop as much. I have the same opinion when it comes to Terraria: Otherworld compared to the original Terraria The [Original](http://i.imgur.com/6znlh6K.jpg) didn't have the greatest art style, it worked well, and looked nice most of the time, while on the otherhand, [Terraria: Otherworld](http://www.terrariaotherworld.com/assets/screenshots/screenshot_3-66b49d550e24c8c8d743d93f44c84edf.jpg) looks too mismatched and thrown together inorganically. It almost looks like you took a bunch of different artists to draw different props and items, and then pasted them together in MS Paint."
"Yeah that section kind of broke my heart, particularly in comparing Third Strike and SF4. Third Strike is dripping with style (I recently spent about 20 hours [making this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ex53vunkuA)) and SF4 has all the soul of a tech demo artistically."
Walk around corner. Get spotted. Retreat behind corner. Kill enemies as they come after you. Repeat. Repeat.
"Sort of like Half-life 2? Personally I feel Half-Life 2 has held up very well over the years. Better than GTA 4 has, certainly."
I loved those games. I think we can all agree they stepped it up a level with Mark of the Ninja but the Shank games were just dumb amounts of fun. 
"I think Mass Effect 3 as a standalone game was pretty freakin' poorly written.  BUT playing from 1-3 with all the plot relevant DLCs and Extended Cut and Citadel makes it a lot better because you get to see the development of all the characters you've grown to love over the series. Their stories are quite well done and satisfying, and I really liked curing the Genophage and resolving the geth-quarian conflict in ME3 because of it.  Those were hands down the best sequences in the game for me, not counting the wonderfully fan service-y Citadel DLC. 

Regarding things like the rachni queen and deceiving the Krogans: I can't recall the exact details but I remember analyzing this back then and you can actually get different EMS depending on your previous decisions.  For example if Wrex is still alive, curing the genophage always gives you more EMS in the end.  But if Wreav is the leader, you're actually better off tricking him.  So there kind of is consequences to the choices you make in that sense.  Of course most people kept Wrex alive, so it was kind of a moot point.  And the EMS system wasn't great.  Interesting idea, but overall I don't think it really added much to the game, especially with the awful fetch quests. 

And yes, fuck Kai Leng.  What the actual fuck, he looks and sounds like a fanfiction character.  The would have been better off replacing him with clone Shepard, taking out every line of dialogue, and then doing a big dumb reveal at the climax.  Or they could have actually tried to make a good villian.  I want to say that I thought Cerberus was ok in this game, I get that they are supposed to be the indoctrinated humans that the Reapers use to destroy us from the inside.  But Kai Leng and his dumb ninjas really don't help my case.

As for the ending, well, I don't think there's much I can say that hasn't already been said (and will be said in this thread).  Indoctrination theory was awesome.  They really dropped the ball on what would have been a great conclusion to a great series, especially for myself and the rest of the Mass Effect fans who didn't know about the leaked ending."
"Yeah the Indian dude was really conspicuous in that white and gold costume. But to be honest, the Assassins have always been portrayed as rather flamboyant. Ezio is a rather egregious example of this trend.



Anyways, if it's anything like Unity you'll be able to tone it down (or up if you'd like) through customization. And I do like the fact that you can walk around with an ordinary hat to blend in, and draw your hood up only when you need to cover your face."
"How exactly is it buggy? They fixed enimies spinning, so there is very little bugginess involved.


Edit: How about instead of mindlessly downvoting me, you actually tell me why I'm wrong? I've got 36 hours in the game, I can talk about it if you are willing."
"Thats how hm2 works, if you play it like a cover based shooter, thats what you get. If you want an A+, then you will have to be very agressive, hardly waiting behind corners the whole time, you need to get in there."
"&gt; I think Mass Effect stands as one of the better narrative-driven games I've ever played

Regardless of the ending, I think this statement is a gross understatement. I've never played a game that was even in the same class as the ME series (sans the ending to 3) in terms of quality-of-narrative."
"Everybody seems to forget that Eets, which came out 5 years before Shank, was the exact opposite of ""uninspired"". I spent dozens of hours on that gem. And the community-made custom levels.. Klei was excellent, right from the start."
"It was beyond piss poor, different would mean it eliminated speed running. Piss poor means you can't see enemies, maps are too spaced, pathways are wide, and being unable to differentiate what are backgrounds and covering on the map, along with a lot of other stuff I'm not mentioning.

It's a fun game but the level design is beyond embarassing "
"I might be an anomaly here and in gaming in general, but I don't really care about the combat in these games.  They're a means to an end - which is to tell an interesting story in a very interesting setting.  The vast majority of games tell the same stories within the same settings.  And being a history-buff, I really revel in the chance to explore places and times in history that never make their way to a game.

People liked to shit on Unity, but just being able to walk through the Estates General, or escape the Bastille while it was being raided, or be witness to the fall of Robespierre gave me goosebumps.  That's something unique that you never get in videogames, and rarely get in most other moderm mediums as well.

People like to dump on AssCreed games for being cynical annual cash-grabs, or for being infested with bugs, but I look forward ever year to seeing new places and times in history and generally getting a pretty decent to good story with compelling characters."
"I can handle a non-ending better than I can the endings that seem to go against everything you have been told about during the storyline. 

Any bargaining with the reapers results in you ending up like Saren or the Illusive Man. Only a complete denial of any offers from the Reapers makes any sense.

I am still holding out that Mass Effect 4 actually continues from that point."
And even that is completely pointless because gameplay wise there is no difference between throwing the knife at the guard and instantly killing him or throwing at an object and killing him too. Maybe in the latter case you make more noise. It's all just difference in aestethics and not in gameplay.
"I think it's strange that all the Yoshi noises (aside from that little ""batabata-batum"" at 0:11) are directly lifted from Yoshi's Story, which released in 1998.  
We've been listening to ""brrring-ha!"" and ""hhhnnnngh!"" for 17 years. Can't we get some new noises for Yoshi?"
"The pace with which they're pumping games out is just absurd. I haven't played one since AC3 and have no desire to whatsoever.

It's a shame because the first and second games through even Revelations really pulled me in, but the naked obsession with profit at the expense of interesting and fun gameplay and story ended any interest I had in the series."
"Nah, easier to downvote.

Jokes aside, I've got about nineteen hours in the game. Some of the levels are incredibly terrible. Most of the Hawaii levels are horseshit, with dudes so far off the screen, even doing the scanning camera thing doesn't show them. But they can still see you. Some had waaaay too many windows to be shot through.

In saying that, there were also a lot of levels that were really good. "
"you know something's wrong when the best parts of AC3 are the optional boat missions. It's a boring game, a terrible conclusion, Connor is just boring, because there is a fine line between stoic and boring, and he's the latter. AC3 tries too many things for its own good and fails magnificently in every single one of them. I was a die hard AC fan, Revelations made me realize something was going on, then AC3 broke my heart. Black Flag was fun though, but not a good assassin's game"
"But don't forget that without the assassin bollocks, 4 was the best pirate game ever made. The closest we'll get to a solid game from this series for a while..."
I had already forgotten this game existed.  I will forget again until they announce special pre-order bonuses that allow you to play as Ezio and give you wrist blades.  And that will only make me angry.
Plus he's gonna undergo surgery one last time and likely won't be able to play a sizable amount of Witcher 3 in a timeframe that is going to keep his WTF is... relevant.
"But they said loading screens were not there, except for one time, when you go into a separated area. Its not that loading times were fast or slow, there practically weren't any. May be PS4 version has to have them."
"Had the same problem and checked on the thread about it on their forums for 3 weeks at which point they finally responded with the shitty solution of deleting the game folder and registry entries manually.

 I've never really felt for or against Uplay but after that bullshit I doubt I'll ever buy another PC game from Ubisoft. In decades of PC gaming I've never seen a release from a big publisher not include a functional uninstaller"
"&gt; registry entries manually

What?! Deleting the registry manually?! Dafuuuq... This kind of sloppy shit pisses me off. "
"&gt; the enemy cant see you either.

Actually, they have a sight radius that reaches vertically beyond your monitor, if you're playing the game in 16:9.

&gt; You also get a sniper rifle

Not until the last Hawaii level. Or was it the second to last? Not to mention you have to unlock it, so if you don't meet the requirements, you could wind up finishing the Hawaii levels without ever getting it.

&gt; As for windows... I'm not sure how thats a problem?

So the dozens of windows that you got shot through over and over never bothered you?"
"[see their response for yourself](http://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/1070350-Uninstall-impossible-!/page8?s=9c16f6c656590c0f942eb54ef853cc09)

It was one of the most active threads on the board with lots of people making the same complaint and this was the best they could do."
"Personally, I wish the would have gone with the whole Dark Matter theory.

Back in ME2 when you meet up with Tali on... Haestrom I think it was? She starts telling you that planet's star is aging at a faster rate than normal.

I forget where I heard this, so take this with a salt mine, but the real reason the Reapers were obliterating life every 50,000 years or so was because the use Element Zero/Mass Effect fields were causing the stars in the galaxy to die prematurely. They absorbed advanced civilizations to integrate their knowledge with the hope of finding a solution to the whole premature star death situation. None of this [Spoiler](#s ""Oganics and synthetics can never coexist!"") malarky.

The above problem would have led to a much more compelling end game choice:

- Do you destroy the Reapers and attempt to figure out a way to prevent the premature star death with your civilization's current knowledge base?

- Do you ally with the Reapers and try to work together to solve the problem, knowing full well of the countless lives they've taken, and accepting the risk of being indoctrinated?

- Do you decide that this era of space fairing civilizations are not up to the task, and allow the Reapers to assimilate all space fairing people and their knowledge in the hopes that the next civilization 50,000 years down the line will be able to stop premature star death?

As I understand it, they changed the ending to what was shipped because of the leak that happened before launch."
"World choices (i.e. Collector Base, Rachni, Saving the Council, uploading sensitive Cerberus data to the Alliance, helping Aria, rewriting the Geth) didn't do anything but give you space points.

Collector Base- Cerberus either gets the heart or the brain. Turns out it wasn't that useful because they just used it as a generator for Kronos Station or for crunching data in nanoseconds. No impact.

Rachni- They hype the shit out of the Rachni in the first two games. The Rachni queen states twice that her children will join your song against the reapers and destroy them. Not only do you not see them fight, but you never see them help you in anything. Its all off screen.

Saving the Council- It kind of has an impact on the difference characters you see and interact with, but in the end, they still won't believe you if you save them, they give you your Spectre status back, but it doesn't do anything, and they continue not to help in Mass Effect 3, regardless of saving them or not. The Destiny Ascension, again, is a space point, and does not at anytime help Shepard. A great time, would've been to smash into Harbinger at the Citadel teleporter.

Rewriting the Geth- It subtracts Quarian War Assets points, and gives more to the Geth. You don't get to fight more geth in the levels, and your consequences don't bite you in the ass.
Your choices didn't matter. They railroaded you through Mass Effect 3, not giving a shit about what you did in the last two games.

It starts with Shepard knowing who James is and the player doesn't, and not allowing your Shepard choice until 2 hours into the game.

My favorite Yahoo! Games quote sums it up best: ""If you're not a fan, now's the time to start!""

Its obvious. The beginning of the game even has a room labeled Court Room. The beginning we were promised at Arrival was cut. The Ending was probably cut.

Your world choices didn't matter.
"
"How about you actually play the campaign, stop bandwagoning. The windows thing is so incredibly exaggerated, its not true at all."
"&gt; Really wanting them to tackle a turn-based RPG soon. 

I think my heart skipped a beat when I read that.

They really have a knack for just doing everything just right.  They don't just have one style.  They just adapt crazy well.  Being small and nimble, but also cautious to not overextend themselves by going too big."
Please be good!  Yoshi island 1 and Yoshi story are the only good games in the franchise hopefully this can live up to the older games. 
"Whenever I played through 4 I kept thinking, ""get this Assassin's Creed bullshit out of my pirate game."" The modern-day sections of that game have no point and only serve to ruin the immersion. 

I agree, best Pirate game ever made. But if only another developer made it."
"Lol. Release Diablo III was an unforgivable disaster for a lot of people. Stolen accounts that were then banned meaning that not only were people not able to use their $60 game but also were unable to play starcraft 2 or wow anymore.

It was disgusting. 2-3 years after the fact though, Diablo III is finally playable. Though the latest expansion honestly should have been a complimentary content patch or had more classes in it."
"Because you simply don't realize that people play games for different reasons. You said it yourself you play almost exclusively multiplayer games, but I personally love the Uncharted Series and Last of Us. I enjoy good narrative in gaming and the story does matter for me. 

It's not as if there being cinematic games takes away from their being other types of games, so I've never really gotten the problem that some gamers seem to have with that style of game.  "
"&gt; off screen

That was a real let-down too. I wanted to see Jack's Academy artilerry slaying zombies, I wanted to see Geth Deployment from their dropships, I wanted to see Krogans charge and trample Cerberus forces, I wanted to see all-stars getting together and kicking ass. But we were shown this half-transparent piece of shit with nothing to say and overcomplicating shit just for the sake of it - he's Reaper's boss, he wants to give full power to you, WHY OH WHY can't you just TELL HIM to FLY REAPERS INTO A STAR AND KILL HIMSELF?!?!

[This song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HiRDJLcYua0) is basically the essence of what Mass Effect did and was really good at, Mass Effect 2 intro and outro sequences are considerent some of the best such in the entire industry, yet they seemed to completely disregard that fact and give us some pseudo-philosophical habble-babble trash with no sense."
"Lol...I play AC for the story and believe me, it was a lot better in the AC2 days when Ubisoft cared about that aspect too. It went from genuinely being a great mix of modern sci-fi, centuries-old history and intrigue to either ""this person wronged you, get revenge! and fuck the animus side of things"" or ""you are selfish, go after this meaningless overarching goal! and also fuck the animus side of things""

Doesn't help that the music got shittier after Revelations too. I'll say this though, Unity was a damn good looking game. Horribly optimized on PC, as if a drunk toddler had done it, but damn beautiful."
"Hahahaha, I hated the modern day stuff. It felt like Ubisoft were trying so hard to be meta and ironic. ""Look, there's a company called Ubisoft in this game, and they made Assassin Creed and Fry Cry games. WE'RE UBISOFT AND WE DO THAT! LOLOLOLOLJK!"""
"I don't even think it's in the same league. I'm not saying Witcher didn't have a good story, but characterization, plot, setting, and theme are all head and shoulders superior in ME. (IMO, of course).

"
"it actually does give a really awesome/terrifying feeling seeing a super powered dude run in and slash your foes down/allies down like butter.
"
"I mean, they *sounded* genuine, but I don't really think they understand what really went wrong with Unity."
"I'm with you. With Assassin's Creed becoming a yearly affair, it's perfectly normal to wish for something different as far as the story and main characters. I would have loved to play as a female assassin the whole game. The only women assassin main characters we have gotten have only been in spin-off games that are meh or decent at best. 

I keep wishing they'll do a Mass Effect style AC game. Refer to the character by their last name and let the player pick at the beginning to be male or female and choose their appearance. Record 2 different voice actors for the cut scenes and it would change up the game a lot. I have so much more fun in games when I have ownership of my character.

The trailer and gameplay just seemed bland to me. I tried to defend Unity with the awesome French revolution setting but this I just can't get excited about. Another boring protagonist in a Ubisoft game, what else is new. I'm hoping they do something to shake up the story and formula, otherwise I'll probably pass on this one, sadly. I hate to say it since AC is one of my favorite series ever."
"First movie: Clever idea expressed well

Second movie: Clever idea gets trampled under massive budget and expectations

First game: Clever idea poorly expressed due to budgetary constraints

Second game: Clever idea makes good as huge budget matches huge ambitions"
"to be fair, the game did bad on pc, because it ran like a pile of shit, no one bought it and i dont even know if they ever fixed it, actually i might go boot it just to see."
"They really seem to be sidestepping any of the actual problems or criticisms people had with Unity, while just delivery really vague promises for the new game. It would be nice to hear something more specific or concrete so that you could know that they are aware of the flaws of the last game so that they can fix it for the upcoming game"
"That is a fantastic presentation, and shows exactly the same kind of attention to detail that it takes to make good pixel art when applied to polygon art and shaders create results which are just as amazing! "
"But they also had a video on IGN talking about how much they learned and improved and innovated.   It had stirring music and developers asking you to feel sorry for them.

I've had enough of the formula.  Open world, unlock the map by taking over a fort, collect some shit.   Here are a bunch of generic side missions that are all effectively the same 3 or 4 types.    Heck they even shoe-horned the ""Ubisoft Game Formula"" into an online racing game.

"
"If they actually thought about making quality games, this wouldn't happen. Maybe a good 3 year wait is enough time to develop a decent AC game. Then the fanbase will be hungrier than ever for a new release. 

Instead, what used to be my favorite AAA series has become a shell of the shell of it's former self. 

AC1 and AC2 were amazing, in comparison to the last 5 or 6 *lazy* attempts at making a videogame. Is the money that good, that they'd disgrace anybody who actually puts time and effort into game development by pushing garbage out into the marketplace. God, Ubi could do so much better. Just anither case of money corrupting a decent thing. Fuck AAA gaming."
"They can't really address the issues, or it'd be a lot of effort they won't expend because of their yearly release schedule and 4 year lead up time for each title. This is PR doubletalk."
"And even though the NV ending was literally a slideshow, it was a very personalised slideshow that completely reflected almost every choice you'd made in the game which was nice. 

I've done multiple playthroughs of NV and never had the same ending slides. "
"They seem to be avoiding the basic fact that they just rushed the game and failed to get it to run as it should have had and not become a buggy mess.

Instead they are saying that their game is too ambitious, their map was ''the biggest'', and then try to convey the message that maybe users shouldn't strike down the game ''because of a single bug (or image)'' and then blabbering on about how it didn't meet the users expectations and hinting that maybe we were too critical. Maybe that's true if a users expectation to be able to run a game well is too demanding ? ^^^/s

Make sure the product runs well, that's all they had to do, nearly everyone experienced issues *even* console players, this wasn't a case of ''Oh but we couldn't have known it worked on all of our systems''. [This statement is very relevant](http://i.imgur.com/6AM3P0b.jpg)"
"Never had a problem with identifying what was what, except for the white cursor on light backgrounds, but that's different. Enemies shooting at you from offscreen are usually from windows that you should remember for the next attempt. The larger, more wide open levels were as I said, different, and required a different way of thinking to get through them than HM1 levels, there was nothing fundamentally wrong with them. "
"It's not just the visuals either.   They research their period.   The bottled letters in Black Flag are written in the English of the period, with different capitalization and word use.   No doubt they are putting the love into the setting.  The animations are pretty good.   The voice acting is pretty good, the music is good.

It's all just paint on the same game that they keep churning out every year.  It's like the gameplay designers are either afraid to remove things or asleep."
"I've played every AC game to date, and I have to disagree on the story end of things.  First off, I really don't care too much about the Animus-business, and meta-story, so that's not really something I take into consideration or let detract from my experiences if it's disposable.

I liked Connor's revenge story.  I know most people found him 1-dimensional, and preferred Ezio but I really disagree.  I actually found Ezio suffered from Shenmue-syndrome.  Where even though he's supposed to be out for blood and revenge, he ends up goofing off and distracted way more often than not, and has a demeanor totally unbefitting of a person who is single-mindedly obsessed with revenge.  We got that with Connor, and it was really fascinating to watch him deal with the cognitive dissonance of everything else in life attempting to dissuade him away from his goals, how he pushed ahead anyways, and how even in the end when confronted with overwhelming evidence that his quest for revenge was an act of futility, he still kept pushing forwards because by that point it was all he knew how to do.  His anguish felt real to me, and I often got goosebumps in that game when his white-hot rage simmered beneath an exterior of barely composed stoic assassin-training.  It really did a great job of demonstrating the typical cautionary tale against revenge, while handling the theme of moral ambiguity that has always been the central-theme of the franchise.

I loved Kenway's story in AC4, of a man both obsessed with his white whale while running away from his life and responsibilities.  Best character development arc in the franchise.  And it did the whole smarmy-assassin thing much better than Ezio.  Ezio always came off as too aloof and kind, which always felt like it was in stark contrast to everything I had him do as an assassin.  Kenway was an asshole and a murderer first and foremost, and it was amazing.

I even loved Unity, despite the fact that the story felt incomplete.  A tale of the Templars and Assassins attempting to make peace and the starcrossed lovers that represented them was perfect for the romantic setting of Paris.  And Elise is probably the best female character in the franchise, and her story was fascinating to watch and really subverted a lot of expectations.  And taking the idealistic Arno, grinding him under heel, and forcing him into impossible scenarios like killing his mentors and having to choose between duty and love was a lot of fun to watch.  Great character development all around, even if the plotting itself wasn't the greatest.

That's just me, you're free to disagree.  But I found that even the most flawed AC games have characters that have lots of personality, good character development, and great scenarios they're thrust into."
"To add to the ""ton of work"" point, [here's a page outlining the steps taken to create the KOFXII sprites](http://kofaniv.snkplaymore.co.jp/english/info/15th_anniv/2d_dot/creation/index.php). It's a great read"
"They didn't choose to not stick to PS, they couldn't get funding via Sega or Sony. Nintendo offered to fund the game. It was Bayonetta 2 on WiiU or no Bayonetta 2 at all."
"I'm getting really tired of this stuff.

It really looks like they're burning the franchise down. There isn't enough time for these games to settle and for people to want a new one.

They did exactly the same thing with the Prince of Persia games, when they realized they were over producing them, they gave the game a new fresh coat of paint and made it into Assassin's Creed."
"*""We want to do something that doesn't exist""*

The last time UBISoft actually *did* take a series somewhere it had never been before, we got the beautiful [Prince of Persia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_rtf2Ko7MI), which didn't perform to sales expectations causing the entire style was thrown out with Forgotten Sands.

It's really hard to watch a video where they blame their *ambition* for Assassin's Creed's failure, when anyone that follows the series has seen very little ambition from title-to-title. It is also no coincidence that in the first minute of the video we hear multiple people say *4 years of development*. It is so sad to see what is clearly a bunch of really passionate developers and gamers get used by the Marketing department to obfuscate the true problems that this series is dealing with. 

The best thing UBISoft could do is fire their marketing department and replace them with actual gamers; not a bunch of bullshit artists."
"Didn't you hear all the people say ""four years of development""? Four years is hardly rushing, bro. /s

The worst part of them even trying to hide the fact that it was pushed out the door is that a buggy game after four years is not exactly a good excuse. All you are doing is shifting a blame from your decision makers to your developers. Classy move, UBI."
"The problem is the question, ""what is a fetch quest?"" A lot of times when it's in the main story, people automatically assume, it's not a fetch quest (because it's got all kinds of pretty story surrounding it) and others feel like they're fetching anyway. Generally, when I hear fetch quest - I think ""Gather 10X but it doesn't really matter"" but if it's the main story, it DOES kind of matter, so is really a fetch quest then? (I have no idea.) "
"Something I've noticed about pixel art in modern games, especially the indie scene. Their interpretation of 'old graphics' is a far cry from what the quality games actually looked like. Almost like they're building them to a standard they *think* they remember, but not the actual reality of the kind of graphics that were being produced at the time.

Pixel art can be very beautiful, you can always tell when it's made by someone with a lot of love for the older era of games. It's also a lot of fun to make, and remains very popular. It's also unfortunately massively oversaturated, and as the article states, the general public just doesn't go for what artists would consider to be high quality work. It's the nature of being an artist/illustrator, you want to be the next Caravaggio, but everyone just wants you to be Jimmy the shit doodler."
"I am, however, not going to assume anything. I'm interested in the game, I'm just not going to pre-order it.

If the Snowdrop engine delivers on its promises then Division will *look* very close to what we have been shown already."
"you can't deny that the levels in general are much much more open than the first game though.

I played through most of the campaign, but honestly just got fed up of being shot from off screen, the game wasn't fun."
"I like the comparison to Fallout New Vegas.  New Vegas is primarily a game about the Mojave and the ending represents that.  Although the characters are important, the real meat is what happens as a result of your actions to the Mojave.  Obsidian does a masterful job of showing this to you, making you earn it, and keeping on point (ie, there are more slides about the Mojave than your companions).


Mass Effect 3's ending did not stay on point.  Mass Effect is a character story, the organic synthetic conflict is a back drop for these characters.  Pulp Fiction, for example, isn't really about crime , that's just the unifying backdrop for these individual character stories.  Pulp Fiction's ending is so satisfying because it closes the loop for these characters.  Mass Effect, instead, tries to make some grand statement about AI without addressing the characters that really make the story.


Nor does Mass Effect make you earn that ending.  You earn Tali and Legion surviving Rannoch, but the ending is a simple ""choose the color"".  The game actually has important carry overs from previous games, but none of them meaningfully impact the ending.


And, lastly, Mass Effect doesn't show you the ending.  New Vegas has its slides, but it also has characters speak at length in the lead up to the finale about the different philosophies and their impact on the Mojave.  Mass Effect has no lead up and no ending results (until the Extended Cut).


The most intriguing thing, to me, is that Mass Effect 2 did an ending to the series better than Mass Effect 3.  The suicide mission is something you earn, its something that is referenced and built up to, and you get to see the results of your actions when all is said and done.  And its character driven through and through.  You're fighting the Collector's, but really its about the Illusive Man, Shepard, and the loyalty of those serving on the Normandy.


It seems that Bioware didn't realize this until the put out the Citadel DLC, which finally captured that need to tell character stories with an ending that gives you a feeling of what's next.  Its just unfortunate that the Citadel isn't the end of the game."
There's a certain class of player that feels insulted whenever games are accessible to anyone less skilled than them.
"You're exaggerating, there were very few areas where you couldn't see enemies that could shoot back at you - 99% of the time you could see them perfectly well with the long view."
"&gt; Most pixel art, however, is done for nostalgia-cred or out of laziness.


I'd argue a lot of it has to do with budget restraints these days too."
"I'm still definitely a fan of the [SFX from Yoshi's Island.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKf3sX9mGq0#t=51) From the slurp to the flutter jump, they were really perfect.  
I remember when reviewers noted Yoshi's Story's low difficulty and childish presentation, but gave it a pass as it was aimed at young children. The general consensus was [""cute and annoying,""](http://www.ign.com/articles/1998/03/12/yoshis-story-2) but that was okay for one game.  
It's interesting that's the Yoshi identity that stuck with the character.
 "
"I feel like Rockstar have been slowly testing the waters with the ""Rockstar Advanced Game Engine.""

With Red Dead Redemption we got nasty entry/exit wounds coming out of NPC's heads. With Undead Nightmare, that was upgraded to chunks of the entire head getting blown off of zombies and human NPCs.

With Max Payne 3, you had a few instance in the game where there was some gore, and throughout the entire game 3D entry/exit wounds were placed all over the body - depending on clothing they were wearing (if any), where on the body, and the caliber of the bullet.

With their most popular series they toned down on the bullet wounds a bit, but I feel like the torture mission was sort of them dipping their toe into the water. Yeah they got some backlash for it, but no Jack Thompson 2: Electric Boogaloo showed up.

There's really no telling whether or not they will, but hopefully one of the branches have been working on it."
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOO please don't. Please, please don't, It's terrible for a new player. Stop upvoting this, please. It fucks up several quests most of the way in."
"They also got rid of a single hardest to make enjoyable mechanic - RNG based actions. Every single loss in Invisible inc. I was frustrated with *myself* and the situation *I* got myself into, not an RNG that would roll a miss on 65% shot over and over again.

As such I launched the game over and over again. And I'm planning to play more of it still."
"These days? When have budgets ever been unrestrained?

I'd argue that, unless you're a dev or someone with inside knowledge, we really don't know the budget structure of most companies."
"Sure. There have been way more violent/gory/extreme games since Manhunt 2 came out. Hell, Manhunt looks tame by some standards these days. [Just look at Mortal Kombat X for example.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-443AiENpxo) Yes, they could get away with it and they'd likely turn a profit doing so."
"[it's actually more prevelent then you think](http://kotaku.com/how-much-does-it-cost-to-make-a-big-video-game-1501413649) that people divulge information on the cost.


You aren't wrong though, but I think budget is a factor."
"Didn't it suck because Sakamoto lost his mind? He made the horrible story (“It’s not just about the sales either,” adds Sakamoto, “The game as a whole was received fairly poorly compared to other hit Nintendo titles. I personally wrote the story for the game so I know it can’t be that.) and made Samus sound so dry amongst other things, saying stuff like ""Metroid Other M Failed Because Players Were Reluctant To Accept A Female Character"", and was obsessed with his control over the game. 

Source: [1](http://www.nintendolife.com/forums/wii/sakamoto_metroid_other_m_failed_because_players_were_reluctant_to_accept_a_female_character), [2](http://lparchive.org/Metroid-Other-M/Interview%201/)"
Worrying about if dyslexic people can enjoy your game would be ridiculous. It's like not making films because blind people exist.
"I get what you're saying, however I do think there's a difference between over the top violence in games like MK, and God of War, and  violence that leans more towards realism. The subtle kind that leaves a mess without making a sound."
"I don't understand your logic.  Just because interactivity is unique to video games, doesn't mean every video game has to be 100% interactive, at all times.  Since interactivity is unique to games, then it follows that blending a crafted narrative in with player participation still remains unique to video games, and thus has a place."
"Depends on the art and the artist involved.

Pixel art at KOF level is pretty costly. SFIV chose 3D to not have to put in as much work in the animation dept."
"Are there any extremely critical reviews of the game?

I feel like you always learn a lot more about what the experience is going to be like when you hear from someone who wasn't the biggest fan. "
"I hope so. While extremely frustrating and heavily reliant on trial and error at times, I find manhunt to be a really underrated stealth horror game. A lot of horror games rely on monsters, ghosts, bogeymen etc. to spook us, but I think humans can be just as terrifying if done right. Manhunt is a really risky property for sure--it's never going to move as many copies as their flagship series because of its subject matter. But I think it's about time Rockstar started taking some risks again with that pile of money they have made from their recent titles. As much as I want Red Dead 2, I'd almost be more excited to see Manhunt 3, or a reboot. "
"It's not either of those. It's time and ability. Pixel art is accessible, and anyone with a bit art training and time can make pixel art look acceptable. It's a flexible style that can fit with nearly any genre, and you can't say the same thing about, I dunno, voxels or stick figures. The only reasonable alternative (and the one I use personally) is low-poly 3D, which is an order of magnitude harder to pull off. Or Flash-style vector art, which is reviled more than pixel art.

SNK's artwork does take a lot of effort to make, and with a limited time and budget, that is effort that could be used on things like game mechanics. I would even say that if you're an indie dev and you tried that level of detail, 90% of your time will be spent churning out art assets."
"If you can stand anything violence wise and that got to you, then you really can't say the former. That was actually pretty tame compared to a LOT of true body horror.

In which case if Manhunt 3 were made with modern graphics it probably wouldn't work for you. 

(BTW, never watch the Korean film Oldboy. Despite it being an amazing film it has a decently brutal scene involving tooth pulling and a claw hammer.)"
"I played through both normal and hard, the claim of too much glass is exaggerated. I'm not denying it isn't an issue on certain maps, but fewer maps suffer from the problem then people would like to think."
"Out of all those things, the rachni queen is what pisses me off the most. I was so hyped to see them contact me in Mass Effect 2, only for them to turn out as the huge disappointment that they were in 3.

And even if you kill the queen in the first game, ME3 has *another* rachni queen that replaces her."
"I appreciate your benefit of the doubt, but to be clear, I went out of my way to say that any person's failure to ""get it"" is not their fault. It's the artist's. I will never let my ambition go. I will always make the absolute best art I can no matter what. I have a responsibility to simply communicate quality in a language people speak. That's all. I promise I'm not bitter at all. I take responsibility and it's actually a cleansing feeling."
"The fan consensus is that the game sucked due to Sakamoto wanting to shake things up. In interviews it seems like all of the things that people hate about the game were very intentional choices and Sakamoto has no idea why people hated it.

Your second link includes this quote from him: 

&gt;""This time I wanted to create an intriguing depiction of Samus's humanity, showing that she's not just cool, but also kind and sympathetic, and perhaps a little immature in her passion and earnestness.""

Another designer explained that even Samus' poor acting was intentional, saying:

&gt;""Samus is a woman who is poor at coping with life's problems. As a result, we chose a voice actress not because she's technically proficient, but because she could talk naturally in her own words.""

You can find more quotes like this online, but the takeaway for many people is that he has some gross ideas about women and they influenced the writing in a big way. He wanted to show Samus as a real woman and a complicated character, and his idea of what that means is drastically different than what fans expected.

The gameplay was also intentionally weird, but you see a lot more complaints about the writing so I didn't bother copy/pasting the relevant bits about bizarre game design.

Sadly, Nintendo doesn't seem to think this is why the game failed. At least, Nintendo of America didn't in 2010, when their president Reggie Fils-Aimé said this:

&gt;“First off, [I have] nothing but the greatest respect for the development team. Mr. Sakamoto did a wonderful job. His partnership with us in promoting the game was stellar. Team Ninja [is] absolutely fabulous. I’m not going to sit here and criticize a style of the game, but have I read the same feedback that said, broadly, that the portrayal of Samus felt different than how the player in the past had internalized the character? I’ve heard and read the same feedback. Do I think it’s warranted or not? I’m not quite sure yet… I don’t yet believe that that is the driving factor to the performance of the game.”

TL;DR guys read /u/Quackle 's links, especially the second one. Other M was bad *by design.* It wasn't an accident, it was a mistake."
"Funny personal story relating to that mission, I remember playing the game on PS3 the night before and shuddered at the worse torture device: the tooth pliers. All the yanking, the scream and the blood looked so terrifying that night - but alas, it was just a game and all I thought was simply ""sucks to be that guy"".

Aaaannnddd I woke up next morning with the most headaching pain in my lower right jaw ever; must be the wisdom tooth acting up. Met my neighbor on the way out that morning, who runs a dental clinic. That quack urged me to get the tooth pulled out immediately in his after hour. He dismissed that my gum was swelling. 

A lot of yanking was involve that late afternoon, and with the swollen gum, lots of blood too. I would have screamed and wailed if he didn't give me anesthesia before violently yanking the tooth out.

Went home spent 3 days did not touch any GTA V, partly to avoid the imagery of that teeth pulling torture; partly because of the quack made the gum bleed so much it hurt for days."
"maybe a better way to word it is ""There's a difference between ripping a person in half, and suffocating them with a plastic bag."""
"Just add an extreme difficulty, plenty of games had it, limited number of saves or no saves allowed, save file deleted if you die, things like that"
They also seem to have helped Brace Yourself with Necrodancer enough to get a shoutout on the game's loadup screen.
"If we're going revisit an already established city I'd rather it be one of the cities that we've only seen once in the modern main series, we've already seen Liberty City so many times.  Vice City, San Fierro, or Las Venturas would be a lot more interesting and fresh in my opinion."
TES and fallout games are buggy as hell! Everyone gives them a free pass but they have released games in completely broken states
"It's not a matter of preference. I'm sure plenty of people didn't like Watch Dogs. It's a matter of how negative this sub is towards upcoming games.

I 100% agree that buying games on launch is risky. I was pretty upset by the poor performance of Assassin's Creed Unity on launch, thankfully my issues were resolved after about 2 weeks. I know plenty of people didn't have any issues, however when Unity launched /r/games was filled with endless posts criticizing the performance. 

However, you also have games like Insurgency, where people are still having performance issues over a year after release. But you'll never see a post about that, because it isn't from a ""hated"" AAA dev.

Even for most of the well received games that come out, you'll still see a lot of negativity. Check out some of the ""end of 20XX discussion"" threads. Everybody is intent of pointing out only the flaws in a game like Skyrim or Bioshock Infinite, while ignoring everything that's good about them.

I guess the issue is that reddit's format really isn't all that great for actual discussion. The ""hive mind"" dictates what gets upvoted or downvoted, and if you disagree with the general opinion you get downvoted. Really it seems like /r/games is less ""gaming discussion"", and more ""gaming criticism/skepticism""."
"&gt;You're either going to be replaying through everything a million times until you die of boredom...

Pretty much with all permadeath games, you are going to be repeated things a million times until you're bored, because when you die you have to replay the same shit over again.  They can't add in any tension to a permadeath game in any story-driven game, because it just makes no sense.  You can make the game harder by having better AI for NPC's, but you can never make it where if you die the game is over, because, well..., that'd just be stupid.  Can you imagine that you're 85 hours into DA:I and then you die?  I wouldn't even pick up the game again as it would be pointless as I'm not going to go through everything I just did again because I died once.  Having permadeath removes your desire to immerse yourself in the game and see/read everything you can, because you'd be afraid if you went off the beaten path that you'd die from something unexpected and your game would be over.  Just makes no sense in a story-driven game.  Works great in ARPG's like Diablo/Torchlight/PoE, as you can get to where you were in no time with little to-no-effort, but in a real RPG like DA:I, you just can't expect the user to want to redo everything again each time they die."
"Given that I think SFIV is one of the most attractive games ever created (while the writer thinks it's a poorly animated eyesore), I guess I'll just have to leave it at: not everyone comes to the same gut aesthetic conclusions.

"
"The game isn't necessarily bad it's just not what the hardcore R6 fans wanted.  Ubisoft said that the game was going to return R6 to its roots but at the moment movement speed is high, hit markers are on, recoil is low, and you start with a rediculous amount of ammo making the game more arcade run and spray instead of the tactical shooter that was promised.

I'll be keeping a close eye on it because a lot of these things are tweak able and there's still another beta for them to adjust some settings."
"Could they do it? Yes. Could they get away with it? Probably not.


I've seen Mortal Kombat X being used as example of how they could get away with a new Manhunt game, but I disagree. The violence in Mortal Kombat is way different than that in Manhunt. It's all gore, but there's just a *little* bit of a difference between punching a dude until he explodes, and then imitating strangling the life out of someone with a bag over their head, or stabbing them with a knife.


It'd be all over gaming sites and news rooms everywhere. ""Do games really need to be this violent?"" ""Man tells authorities he was imitating new Manhunt game.""


Rockstar could make it all about the story, make the violence actually make sense instead of it just being the whole game, and people would still raise questions about it. So while they **could** make a new Manhunt, there'd be a lot of kneejerk reactions to it. That alone probably makes it a tough choice as to whether they want to go that route or not."
 if you want serviceable graphics on a severely limited budget then pixel art is basically your only choice
"The problem with the Dark Energy ending is that due to its incomplete nature, it's so easy for people to fill in the blanks with whatever they want and thereby ignore any possible flaws. 

&gt;""I find it funny that fans end up hearing a couple things they like about it and in their minds they add in all the details they specifically want,"" he explained. ""It's like vapourware - vapourware is always perfect, anytime someone talks about the new greatest game. It's perfect until it comes out. I'm a little weary about going into too much detail because, whatever we came up with, it probably wouldn't be what people want it to be.""

--[Drew Karpyshyn in this interview](http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2013-06-19-ex-bioware-writer-discusses-dropped-ideas-for-mass-effect-trilogy-ending)"
"Rockstar built their company off of making controversial but still great games, to be honest. There's no such thing as bad publicity to Rockstar. But let's be realistic, would there *really* be an outrage over it? Almost everyone these days is desensitized to uber violence that we've seen in films and video games for so many years. Sure, there would be your usual clickbait articles about it, but that would only help Rockstar. A new Manhunt game is completely viable, it just matters if consumers want a slower game like Manhunt."
Man that is absolutely amazing how well they managed to make the 3D character models appear 2D. My brain keeps getting tricked every time a see a character. 
"Exactly why I'm skipping this and really any AC game. Black flag was wonderful, but unity and AC3 really bummed me out"
"&gt;but no Jack Thompson 2: Electric Boogaloo showed up.

No but you got the moral police from certain vocal groups on the internet. The same people that cried foul over Hatred. "
"Shadowrun is a traditional computer RPG, meaning big quests, storyline, elaborate combat mechanics and more.  Invisible Inc, on the other hand, is a minimalist roguelike with a focus on stealth and espionage.  The only real similarity they share is perhaps the cyberpunk theming, and then that's debatable because Shadowrun has magic and orcs and big miniguns while Invisible Inc has sentry turrets and AI hacking and stun guns."
"Yoshi has always been the insanely cute dinosaur companion, the only real difference is he makes more noises. "
"That's not the same level of stuff that Jack Thompson did, or tried to do.

Besides, Hatred got through. Like someone else said, that could be an indication for Rockstar that they could get away with another Manhunt."
"But isn't hatred basically an indie game on PC only sold through steam?

PC games can always get away with more than consoles. Especially for an independent game. "
"I'm conflicted here. I first played Yoshi's Island on GBA, which (as I'm learning now) had the Yoshi's Story SFX. It's like an entirely different game."
"We wanted a modern update of classic Rainbow Six gameplay. What we got (so far) is Call of Duty's Search &amp; Destroy mode (in casual mode!) with destructible environments. 

I hope they get their shit together but I am not optimistic. I think their targeting Monster Energy guzzling squeakers instead of people who are old enough to remember what the original Rainbow Six was like. 

On the bright side, the indie game Ground Branch definitely plays like a modern Rainbow Six and it is going into Early Access in the coming months. Even the Star Citizen FPS module should be closer to Rainbow Six than Siege is and it takes place in freaking space. "
"There was some news a month or two ago that retail copies were being pulled from stores (and Carbine doing a really shoddy promotion for it where existing players get bonuses for buying a second copy of the game), which strongly indicates that some sort of free-to-play conversion is happening in the near-future. So there's that.

I'd probably play it again if they did convert it. There were aspects of it that were good enough that I played it for a little while, and other aspects that were *awful* to the point of making me question what the designers were thinking. Beyond that, I don't have the free time or patience to spend on one single game in order to justify a subscription fee. There's far better and cheaper games entertainment out there."
Have you watched the fatalities?  I think they are generally a bit more violent than 'punching a dude until he explodes'.
"Not great, NCSoft earnings report literally came out within the hour

sales 2.6 bln kr Won after 5.5 in 4Q 14

sales figure: http://i.imgur.com/Bkv05M6.jpg

whole report: http://global.ncsoft.com/global/ir/earnings.aspx#none

"
"I disagree. I don't think Yoshi's Island is much harder or broader appealing than any other Yoshi game, it was just doing new things. Which Yoshi Story did too, and I think that is a great game as well. 
The other games kept trying to just be Yoshi's Island, which is why they aren't any good."
its a classic pr move in the video games industry to shit talk your previous game as a means to promote your new games.  a move made popular by peter molyneux.
"During Giant Bomb's game of the year stuff for 2014 they gave their ""best looking game"" award to Guilty Gear Xrd.  "
"Don't put words in his mouth. 

Just know that the marketing concept of 'pre-alpha' doesn't correspond with the software cycle concept of pre-alpha. They say it's  prealpha because that gels better with a critical audience because they can shoot every criticism down with 'pre-alpha footage, we'll work hard on it!, nothing's final yet!' 



"
"Some games though really nail the classic style though, like Shovel Knight.  Axiom Verge in my opinion does as well, but in a really peculiar way, it has echoes of the early 90s Amiga/PC demoscene blended with metroid."
"&gt; I don't really think they understand what really went wrong with Unity

Believe me, they do. They are just 'PeterMolyneauring' us..."
"&gt; The first witcher games at least were more focused on the story and the consequences of your decisions. In elder scrolls you can be anyone: You choose your race, profession, etc. You can be a murderer, a thief, a paladin of justice... Whatever you want.

And almost literally none of your choices really matter that much. Wanna be the head of the thieves guild and the college of mages and the assassin guild? Sure, why not. It's a free country.
"
"Mass Effect 2 has the most unreasonable/evil renegade options, namely with Overlord, Samara's loyalty mission and Zaeed's loyalty mission.

In Mass Effect 3, most of the renegade options make sense in light of how hopeless and desperate the situation seems. In Mass Effect 3, a renegade Shepard is selling off his soul bit by bit to gain every scrap of support and every advantage he can to win the war."
"Head Writers for each game.

Mass Effect 1: Drew Karpyshyn  
Mass Effect 2: Mac Walters and Drew Karpyshyn  
Mass Effect 3: Mac Walters  
  
In so few words -- that is what happened to the writing. Karpyshyn was amazing and I guess either he got tired of the series of EA got tired of him.

With that said, as a HUGE Mass Effect 1 &amp; 2 fan (1 is largely my favorite), I have yet to play 3 and honestly I probably never will. I hated the ending of 2 and parts of the story and I had a terrible gut feeling about 3. I heard really bad things about it on release and I just never bothered to play it. So maybe take my comment with a large dose of salt."
"I agree that most of the new stuff felt out of place, but I would also take that a step farther and say that even the new crew members felt shoe-horned in.  

James Vega was not that complex of a character, with the only little bit of not muscley, buff man is when you learn about his collector mission.  Out side of that, he's a beefy frat guy on the Normandy.

Javik may be a bit of an exception, because he helps open part of the universe that had the most questions, namely ""How did the Beacon give Shepard the warning?"" It's unfortunate that he was a DLC character, because he adds a bit of a complexity.  What he says he'll do after the final battle varies wildly depending on how you chat with him."
"Woah, you hated the ME2 ending? I loved everything about it except for... well... the human reaper. Is that what ruined it for you?"
"But it's still over the top, whereas Manhunt is more grounded and realistic. I personally wouldn't have a problem with it, but I totally see lots of people/groups who would have an issue with such a game."
"RDR easily had the best shooting mechanics out of any Rockstar game, maybe the best in any 3rd person shooter ever, though Max Payne 3 was close. The ability to actually disable someone by shooting them in the leg or hand felt fantastic. Not to sound like a psychopath but I loved shooting people in the kneecap and watching them struggle to crawl away. Headshots felt really gruesome, too, as npcs would clench up and immediately fall to the ground as smoke filled the air in an eerily realistic fashion. "
"Your memory is a little off. They released a lot of trailers leading up to the original release date in fall that got pushed back, and a ton more for a while before the game released. 

There was like a trailer every few days it seemed for a while there. They definitely didn't try to hide anything, remember the freakout at the trailer that showed ps4 gameplay for the first time? "
"I always felt that if I wanted to shoot craps, I'd go shoot craps instead of loading up a video game.  Too many games are ruined by RNG.  A weighted RNG is one thing, but a true RNG is frustrating.  If I have a 70% chance to hit something, don't let it miss 6 times in a row.  That's what makes players quit and not come back."
"&gt;The surprise cult hit that reinvigorated the open-world action-adventure genre with its unique sprinkle of quirk. Complete with the GOG.com treatment to greatly improve performance on modern PCs.

It seems that some team from GOG improved the PC port. I don't know much about 're-compressed music' though."
"The hate in this thread makes me sick... I loved Hotline 1 &amp;amp;amp; 2, only had issues with ONE level, the beach / detective one.  I guess I'm masochistic or something because all the bitching feels seriously unwarranted.  These are some of my favorite games and the level editor is exciting since I'll get new content to play with.  "
"I think the point was that Bubsy was the work of a less talented artist.

People can't easily assess at face value which piece would have taken more work to produce."
"I agree, but mostly it's Ubisoft's own games that have become stale. Witcher 3 or the inevitable new Fallout and Oblivion still sound enticing. "
"Ubisoft is making Ubisoft games feel stale. 

Seriously, there's nothing wrong with open world games, but if the only open world games you play are Ubisoft's then they're all going to feel the same because they all have a lot in common. "
"What an awesome video. It plays out like a nice developer commentary for the first bit of the game. 

I'm amazed by how well his memory holds up a decade later. But I also really appreciate this kind of stuff, and even more so with this video which is more ""technical"" commentary on the design of the game. "
"I don't see what they're ""getting away with"" by releasing it,  no laws are broken and the only type of person to oppose or try to stop it from being made is the kind of person you should ignore. I'd love to see a new Manhunt,  and I'd love to see it push far and deep into the darkest parts of humanity.  There are stories to be told there and experiences to be had, it has value."
"There is no wrong story choice to make, saying that defeats the purpose of the choices, and the re-playability *(though no worry, I know it was only exaggeration meant to display your fondness of that character)*.

That character survived most of my playthroughs, but one of my most memorable moments in ME3 was when finally replaying through it, this time with that one character save file where that character did not survive ME1, I was left stunned by something it turns out is only potentially possible in that very situation that I thought simply could not be done in the game at all, I was able to  [verb](#s ""save"") [ProperNoun](#s ""Mordin"").

Little surprising choice-based nuggets like this is exactly what the game needed more of, exactly the type of series-choices based outcomes multiple endings should *(due to the early claims made by Hudson)* have been based on. 

Hell Chrono Trigger, an SNES game from the mid-1990s, has 13 different endings (in new game+).
"
"You can play a lot of a game and still not think it's a good game. I personally am a sucker for gear grind, and have spent tons of hours in plenty of games that I probably wouldn't rate very highly, just because it's something I enjoy. A game can scratch an itch for some gamers without actually being a 'good' game."
"Budgets are much more restrained in the context of indie developers. 

Pixel art lets them produce a game with a good idea, and gameplay, and not get bogged down with the price and constraints of high fidelity graphics. 

The original Hotline Miami, Towerfall are two that spring immediately to mind. "
"I think the biggest problem with open world games like Unity or Watch Dogs is that nothing interesting happens in the world outside of side missions, events, or story missions and even those are often extremely boring. For example, if you want to do something other than drive around or shoot cops in Watch Dogs you have to either go start a strong-hold mission, wait for a crime to occur, or start some other mission by walking/driving over to it which got old extremely fast. The world in these games feels more like a 3d version of a mission selector in a title menu. Sure, walking around and admiring the way your character's coat blows in the wind or looking at all the scenery might be fun for the first 5 minutes but after that you realize that nothing interesting happens in the world unless you make it happen. 

Compare that with an open world RPG game like Fallout 3 where you can't walk 50 feet without discovering something exciting to do or something interesting to explore. And I'm not just talking about side quests or buildings; just about every dark dank corner in Fallout 3/NV contains some subtle story to be unraveled like a suicide note lying next to a skeleton or a secret passage or even an interesting arrangement of bottles. For open world games to be successful they need to be more than a hub for selecting new missions. They need to feel alive and diverse or provide a playground for manipulation like Just Cause 2. That means more than pretty scenery or bustling crowds, something Ubisoft is famous for. "
"To be honest Skyrim and the new fallouts were good, but not incredible open worlds for me. Rockstar is still making the best open world games out there, I think Bethesda should concentrate on making living and believable open worlds instead of huge ones. Skyrim felt empty (the sense of details was amazing but the game had pretty big problems too ), Fallout 3 world kind of made no sense. "
"Excellent point, I have to agree.

Dark Souls is another great example too, you could argue that the world of Dark Souls is really the main character in the series, with the underlying story hidden within it."
"DQVIII is an excellent game that would work GREAT on 3DS. It's a huge timesink, so a 3DS version would be fantastic. "
"This is how I felt when I read this.  

So... someone else go make a better open world game, problem solved.  "
"This needs to be released in North America. I mean, hell. It already was released and the 3DS is a damn money printing machine!"
"Dark Souls is what I like to call a 'linear open world'. You can go anywhere anytime you want but you'd better memorize this big fucking map of the entire world if you don't want to get lost. It was more of a giant maze, which worked extremely well for that type of game where you need to level up before facing enemies in later parts of the game. Part of the challenge was navigating and mapping the best possible way to get to each area at your character's current level. Incidentally, even though I haven't played it in 2 years I can still tell you exactly how to get to the Demon Ruins from the Firelink Shrine; the long way and the short way. "
And why can't you just remember that there's a guy at the end of the hallway? The levels aren't supposed to be completed on your first try anyway.
"MK is fantasy violence. It's so violent it becomes silly. When you strangle a guy with a wire as he cries and begs you to let him go, knowing his life and everything he ever dreamed about, his accomplishments, his friends and family all being stolen away from him by some maniac. That's a little more graphic. I don't regret doing it though. "
"Klei is really good at managing their ambitions. None of their games fail because it wants to do too much, they simply makes sure that, what they do, they do right. "
"I never played Banjo-Kazooie or Banjo-Tooie when I was younger. My parents could never afford an N64. I played the first one almost to completion with my friend last year, but never got around to Tooie. That being said, I'm really, really excited for this game. I fucking love Grant Kirkhope."
"Is... is this child like wonder and hope? It's been so long. I thought the greedy corporations had killed it completely.

Playtonic, show these greedy fuck companies what it means to love making games!"
"Your complaint about FO3 is a question of lore, not the actual world. Personally for me the atmosphere, locations, characters etc of FO3 are the best we've had since it was released. Even FO:NV, while superior in many other ways, failed to match the raw post-apocalyptic atmosphere of FO3. Then again, as mentioned previously, it wasn't really trying due to lore reasons."
"I agree in general, but I almost stopped reading when the piece said FIFA annual releases are just repetitive with no worthwhile addition or change each year beyond roster updates.

I don't know about Madden, but every annual FIFA release in the last 3-4 years or so feels different and has tangible effects on how you play. Player movement, ball control, usefulness of pace, aerial duels, tactical options all add and change things. The marketing uses bullshit bullet points because the actual changes sound so boring on paper than they'd rather make something up to look exciting.

Another point where I disagree, but this is to each his own: Watch Dogs is not ""average at best."" It is repetitive and has all the symptoms of the Ubisoft Open World plague but it still has a protagonist that is a delight to control, some genuinely excellent stealth sequences in the outpost takedowns (even if the activity itself is just copied over from Far Cry), and a magnificently unorthodox multiplayer offering. Compared to the marketing, Watch Dogs *is* a bait and switch. However, I'd say it is a good but uninspired game rather than an ""average at best"" experience."
"I think the backlash over Hatred is different from the backlash over GTA V in that GTA was a work of satire, while the whole point of Hatred seemed to be cynically attempting to be controversy-bait.

The developers even came out and admitted that manufacturing an internet backlash was part of their viral marketing plan."
Also the smoke from the gunfire was sooo cool. Riding through canyons and seeing muzzle flashes and gunsmoke rising on the cliffs above was surreal.
"&gt; For Yooka-Laylee, at concept stage we had a basic cube running around a test environment, tweaked until it was as much fun to just run and jump around as possible.

I personally believe that this is the most important part about making platformers, 2D and 3D alike. If the character isn't fun to simply move around, then it's pointless to even start making any content, because you've already fundamentally failed. Nintendo and Rare always understood this, as did Sega when they were creating Sonic.

There are too many platformers out there that just aren't any fun to play! The oversaturation of the market with such games is probably what lead to the death of the genre."
"Yeah. Context is very important when we discuss things like this. You're not playing as a god of death, you're playing as a human serial killer (or whatever he technically is). You cave people's heads in with rusty hammers, not use your razer-sharp top hat to cut them like cake."
"&gt; Even FO:NV, while superior in many other ways, failed to match the raw post-apocalyptic atmosphere of FO3

I 100% agree with this. I always get blasted for saying I like FO3 better than NV but to me the world of 3 felt so much like a true apocalypse. Don't get me wrong, I loved NV, especially the combat aspect of it, but the world felt a little dull to me. Everything was much more spread out. In 3 you had a ruined city filled to the brim with buildings to explore, unmarked mysteries to unravel, and unwelcoming passageways. You couldn't walk 20 feet without running into something interesting. 
"
[This is what made me back it for $15.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rH2SF01LQ9o) Grant Kirkhope's music is so awesome.
"We didn't get 7 outside of Japan for the 3DS...so why should I give a fuck that this exists? SE are holding a few games hostage that I would love to have a chance to play, DQ7 and the Seiken Densetsu 3 and yet they won't take our money."
"RNG is fantastic if you never really see the numbers. I love the RNG in things like rougelites and roguelitelites or whatever you want to call them since they mix things up considerably. Also if you have randomized accuracy or damage in an fps, but you're using an automatic weapon it also curbs the RNG to be far more effective and less frustrating largely because it is hidden away."
"Not if he manually draws every pixel. Gradation techniques for pixel art very complex, because its not an actual gradation, its an optical illusion based on colors and positions of pixels, so you need to keep your pixels clean and structured. You need to make decision about color of each and every pixel and then make sure that it is in the right place to produce right visual effect."
"Man, I'm getting tired of the ""hivemind"" argument here. Yes, I can't get excited for a Ubisoft game after the mediocrity that W_D, AC:U and The Crew were and the mediocrity that RS:Siege looks like outside of promotional gameplay. When the only good AAA game released lately (FC 4) was practically a reskin I am not gonna be filled with confidence for their upcoming line-up. Can you blame me for it?

And yes, I expect more from a $60 game than from a game I got for 1 dollar on Humble Bundle with THREE extra copies for friends. It also doesn't bug me for a Season Pass pre-order. Better check my entitlement I suppose."
"I think it's a weak excuse to accept GTA's violence because of satire, but to condemn Hatred's. The world maybe satirical, but the graphic violence isn't and in most contexts the violence that you can commit in GTA is unrelated to any of the satire within it."
I'm honestly impressed that Ubisoft manages to reuse the same gameplay elements in every single setting. Pirates? Modern Chicago? Revolutionary France? Eh just slap a segmented map on it and have them do some creative parkour to get to the top of a tower. 
"Xrd might be the first game to achieve that level of ""2D-ness"" in a 3D game. It's probable that others will follow in time."
"this article is spot on. I really dislike the Ubisoft open world formula Ubisoft has adopted since Assassin's Creed 2. It just isn't the right formula for open world games, because it makes it feel stale, ""gamey"", gimmicky, repetitive and boring. i'm absolutely sick of it. the formula doesn't make the world feel alive (although at first glance it does look like it at times) with all of the shitty sidequests and activities to do that have little context within the world themselves.

there's a reason that AC4 and rogue are more popular than AC3, its because they at least offered something new (although sadly they still have the same shitty ubisoft open world formula desecrated on them) with the excellent ship combat. I wouldn't be surprised that ACU didn't sell as much as AC4 or Rogue because it didn't have the unique ship battles that made up for the samey open world crap.

And I love bringing up [this excellent mocking article](http://games.on.net/2014/06/ubisoft-game-the-review/), it perfectly describes how samey all of their games are.  "
"Exactly.  The critical miss mechanics are just frustrating. A somewhat dated example is morrowwind's combat.  (What do you mean I missed? My sword obviously went right through his chest!) Reason for failure should at least be plausible, if not blatantly obvious.  Even the most unskilled warrior would still inflict some damage on contact, even with the blunt edge of a sword.  It's more lazy programming than ""adding challenge"" or whatever excuse devs hide behind at the time.

Things like bullet spread or item generation (and dare I say damage spread in single player games) add depth and complexity.  Same deal with procedurally generated levels.  It's what makes a game a game instead of a coloring book."
"In fairness,  GTA V moved towards this in a number of ways,  such as having random encounters on the main map that might spawn while you're driving around.   Some are sub-quests,  others are just interesting characters inhabiting LS. 

And nearly all of the neighborhoods/locations do have a story to tell,  if you look around at the detail work.   Most people just don't notice since they're flying by at 90mph while dropping grenades out the window.  The ""Dignity Village""  homeless camp on the north side of the map is a good example of this.   Plenty of people don't even notice it,  and it has no relevance to the plot or major mission attached to it.   It's simply  there,  waiting to be explored if a player spots it. 

(Another one I find funny is the new development tract of identical McMansions on the east side of Mirror Park,  all sitting empty and unsold.)

So it's not that open world action games CAN'T have the same level of detail and worldbuilding as Skyrim or Fallout.  It's that most developers can't be bothered to put in that kind of work fleshing out the game world. "
"You say that as Witcher 3 is about to be released and Dragon Age Inquisition just came out a while ago. And GTA 5 if you're into that style. Along with that Saint's Row game. Hmm, what else. Arkham series is seeing a new release this summer. "
"Even The Crew had ""towers"", you had to drive to certain parts of the city to unlock the icons on the map."
"standard operating procedure for gaming. 

new, awesome idea comes out. does well. people emulate this idea, some adding to it, but mostly just copying the shit out of it. it gets stale. wait for new ideas. 

but the big guys don't take the risks with new ideas as much. need to wait for this cash cow to start drying up first. "
"&gt; However, I'd say it is a good but uninspired game rather than an ""average at best"" experience.

""Good but uninspired"" sure sounds average to me."
"I just got GTA V on PC and that is pretty much one of the best open world games ever made.

And Just Cause 2 is freaking timeless perfection for scratching my open world gaming itch."
Dignity village is the location of Trevor's final bounty mission and has a Leonora page in one of the tents. 
"If i look at my hours logged in Just Cause 2, Red Dead Redemption and GTA 5 it's easily 10 times more than any ubisoft game."
If you played ME1 you probably heard the story from Anderson how ruthless Saren was in sacrificing civilians to get the mission done. The Zaeed loyalty mission is about setting up this scenario to play out for you and wether you choose to sacrifice the civilians to get the mission done.
"Opem world games are just feeling stale for me on the whole. Even GTA5, the granddaddy of them all, did not feel as fun. Though I think that has more to do with the choppy story telling of jumping between 3 characters than having a shitty open world to explore. Open world for me has become synonymous with skill points, crafting and gameplay expanded through crappy side quests. 


The last truly fun game I played was Wolfenstein: The New Order. Or linear gameplay. The big bad man of gaming. Linear. Yuch. Why linear when you can open world? 


Because I want a well told story at the authors tempo and not to have a 12 hour game fleshed out with 40 hours of crappy sidequests with crappy pacing and uneccessary crap such as crafting and another bloody skill tree. 


Open world has been overdone and 9 times out of 10 it feels like it is an excuse to pad out a games limited content than to offer any deeper gaming or story telling experience to the player. "
"It's a common trick in old games to reuse  the same sound effects but at different pitches

See: Pokemon red/blue -  37  different sound effects for cries, they're all different lengths and pitches for each pokemon."
"I'm with him, the FO3 world made no sense.  I was constantly taken out of it.  ""Who is maintaining these car battery powered lamp posts?  What do these people eat?  Etc.""  

New Vegas, however, had a much smarter and more well designed world so those questions were answered.  What do they eat?  The cattle and crops that are everywhere.  

I'd say that Fallout 3 and New Vegas have very similar gameplay, but New Vegas is a much better game because it has a much better setting.  

I think that the FO3 setting would've made more sense if there were much, much less people around and the game was set 200 years in the past.  "
"This argument has always felt like a false problem to me - or more accurately: a problem caused by the fact that we are able to buy so much games.

Remember when all you got was 1 single game a year^1? I do. Heck, I can still count the amount of PlayStation games I have on one hand.

But then Steam arrived with its massive sales and I got myself a VISA card.

Of course you're going to be burned out. Of course, if you buy the latest assassin's creed AND the latest Far Cry AND the latest Watch_Dogs AND the latest *insert_ubisoft_open_world* you're going to feel it's getting stale.

I've played every AC game. And each and every time, I had enough time between these games to ""forget"" about the previous game. It felt *familiar*, but it doesn't burn me out.

&gt;Ubisoft ships numerous Assassin’s Creed titles every year

That's a bad way of putting it. They release ONE AC title a year - 2014 being the exception with Unity and Rogue (and only an exception if you own both consoles or a PC). I've found a year enough to enjoy the game for 6 months, then leave it be for 6 months.

I'm an Assassin's Creed fan, and just the historical aspect of the games is enough for me, so I'm heavily biased, i'll admit that.

-----
^1 clarification: I mean buying a game, not that there was only one game released."
"Works the same in hollywood and in the music industry as well.

actually this type of thought is all over the internet with memes if you think about it. "
After playing no open World games but ubisoft games I just started playing gta ...  That is an open World game 
"GTA V is quite simply not stale.

Ubisoft is just a perfect example of how hyper-capitalism in the gaming industry forces every type of innovation out in favor of raising profit margin. Quantity over quality."
"True, but those are both pretty minor side-missions a lot of players may not do.  Hell, I forgot Trevor even had the bounty missions until you reminded me just now, haha. "
"I feel that developers got way too caught up in the whole ""there's a mountain, you can go there"" thing, which resulted in so many games being oceans wide but puddles deep.

Skyrim suffered from this, Watchdogs, many many others (though GTAV did a bit better what with random events).

I feel Witcher 3 may break this mold a bit, given early previews/reviews. Hopefully."
"Manhunt 3 would make for an amazing VR game. A serial killer simulator that actually puts you in the perspective of the character would be brutal and would make headlines for sure, in classic Rockstar style."
That's actually quite a lot if you consider how much work it takes to put into a fully open world game. I don't know what all the fuss is all about. 
"&gt; Almost like they're building them to a standard they think they remember, but not the actual reality of the kind of graphics that were being produced at the time.

Is that an issue? Obviously games didn't use to look like Risk of Rain, Titan Souls, Papers Please or King of Fighters XIII. I love their style regardless."
"Ubisoft has done nothing with it's triple A games in the last couple years that makes me certain the delay is going to make the game any better.

I'll wait for reviews, and, if it's good, then get it."
"People weren't upset that Fallout 3 was a true apocalypse... people were upset because Fallout has not ever been about the apocalypse. Fallout has been about life a few generations after the apocalypse. Fallout 1 and 2 had towns, cities, factions. Fallout 3 looked like the bombs hit DC a day before you left the Vault. "
The only people I remember killing in Manhunt were NPCs that were all felons and were actively trying to kill me also
"Here's the thing about the side-missions in GTA V: Rockstar actually bothered. It's not just a location where you go to to do stuff, there are dialogs, characters, interesting stuff is happening, there is a variety there.

Ubisoft doesn't do that, except maybe in Unity."
"Dark Souls isn't so much open-world as it is a 'Metroidvania,' (like Super Metroid, or Castlevania: Symphony of the Night). Such an awkward genre name, but ""Action-Adventure"" isn't quite specific enough. It's got an incredibly detailed, large, interconnected area (Lordran, Zebes, Dracula's Castle, whatever) with distinct sub-areas that have their own aesthetics and challenges. As the player gains power, new areas are opened to them - they can be explored in any order, or indeed, may even be optional (Ash Lake).


But - at no point can you decide to go somewhere that isn't those areas. What are those buildings below the Firelink Cemetary? Why can't we visit Catarina, Carim, or any of the other kingdoms? You can't get a grappling hook, or hijack a flying monster to get into Anor Londo - you must enter through Sen's Fortress - and barring preset sequences (New Londo Ruins), the areas do not change. Each part of Dark Souls is self contained: just like when you enter a new screen in Super Metroid, the same monsters spawn in the exact same places. 


This in no way makes it a bad game - indeed, it does the niche genre proud - and it's great that developers can make an ultimately linear world have enough depth and character to *feel* open. But it's not 'open world' in the traditional sense."
"Good point. Not all of these games are made for people *who already own dozens of such games*. Watch Dogs blew me away because I was out of the loop for a few years as far as open world games go (yes, I love GTAV much more now). Also note how the author disses this game because it ""fades in comparison with GTAV"". Like dude... that's the planet's biggest game franchise, took around a 1000 people to build over years, and cashed in a US$1 billion in the first three days... *a lot of good shit pales in comparison with GTAV*."
"Far Cry 3 also did a great job of making its open world feel alive, mostly thanks to the bandits roaming the islands and the vibrant wildlife."
Yep. 9 Studios are involved in the making of the new Assassin's Creed. 9 Studios. That's 1 major studio and 8 others doing god-knows-what. Probably useless mini-games and grindy-missions.
"&gt; FO3 is a generic post-apocalyptic game made by people who don't like Fallout, for people who don't like Fallout. With the Fallout name added to get those extra loyalty sales.

This is ridiculous. FO3 has a different atmosphere to the other entries in the series, but it also maintains a lot of the *same* atmosphere. It also helped really pushed that 50s Americana art-style that was adopted by New Vegas; and is an agreed upon trait of the Fallout franchise now. It was present in the first two games but not *nearly* to the same extent.

Combine that with the quirky characters and interesting missions and I think its insane to call Fallout 3 a ""generic post-apocalyptic game"". 

Though I do think *it* should have been the 'spin-off' title, instead of New Vegas!"
"Ubisoft is simply accelerating a process that I feel is inevitable. The expectations and desires of the ""experienced"" playerbase are going to continue to vastly outstrip what developers are actually able to do within the constraints of their budgets and timelines. Open world games are always going to feel empty, save for scripted puppets whose strings are waiting to be pulled. That's all there's time/money for right now.

I will add one caveat to my negativity: open world games *that involve the narrative conceit of human-like agents in a human-like world* are doomed for the moment. Open world games that dispense with those conceits could conceivably be really interesting. The problem is that stories/worlds not populated by human-like characters are not attractive to nearly as wide of a playerbase. SimAnt is never going to be as marketable as Skyrim, even if SimAnt can do amazing things under the hood that Skyrim can't."
"This was one of the major problems with Fallout 3 but to me it is not nearly enough of a problem to undo the main thing FO3's world had over New Vegas; variety! 

In Fallout 3 every town was incredibly distinct with a ridiculous, but very interesting, gimmick. New Vegas' towns were always just a town...with a dinosaur statue! A town...with a roller-coaster! 

And the DC ruins were far superior to New Vegas city in my opinion.

I think if the next Fallout game makes as much *sense* as New Vegas, and has a world otherwise designed by the Fallout 3 team, we won't go far wrong!"
"I think that's the beauty of it. You used to do this in a lot of old-school games. IIRC Tomb Raider (at least III) didn't offer you a map and it was pretty much the same, although it wasn't open-world (in the sense that you'd still have to figure your way around). To a newcomer, and I mean someone playing the game completely blind to any pre-release content such as trailers, this formula was incredible. I picked this game up 3 times and I quit twice because I couldn't beat the Asylum Demon. When I did though, I was hooked. Every corner of the world had something new and amazing. I read somewhere that ""you could travel anywhere you could see"", and looking up from Firelink Shrine to Anor Londo, I wondered if I'd eventually get there. When I finally did, I was amazed. It was, quite honestly, one of the best games I ever played simply because of that discovery experience. I think a lot of games should just quit the hand-holding and offer this. The GTA series does this to an extent by having a lot of things discoverable, despite the fact that they're mostly easter eggs. It helps preserve its' appeal. Big easter eggs are things that I hope will never disappear from games.

Another two games that offer a good open world are the latest Far Cry entries. Despite the fact that mostly everything is on the mini-map, there are a lot of random events. You get attacked by various predators, you find militia holding up hostages, etc. These small, random situations, help the game feel alive. I think that's what's really missing from the AC series. They kind of did the same there (thieves, fights between factions), but because of the difference in setting it doesn't feel the same. In Far Cry, you actually feel like you have to survive in a world out to get you. You run into a bear who starts chasing you, you wind up in an enemy camp, you have to escape a lot of situations. In AC, it's mostly just ""oh look the Revolutionaries are fighting the English, help a side win"". It's these micro-situations in Far Cry that have the potential to escalate quickly that really brings the world alive, an element which works really well in Far Cry but doesn't work at all in all the other Ubisoft games."
"Oh sure. But at the same time recognize that when you or I say ""I don't like these graphics"" the reason is often ""because they didn't spend enough money on them"", not ""because they are the result of laziness"".

Of course, that isn't always the case. The trick sometimes is telling the difference. "
"Yeah, I never particularly liked the reasons why some of the main characters actually do missions. ""I hate you."" ""Shut the fuck up and help me, you shitstain."" ""Pay me."" ""Okay."" Suddenly you're doing a mission for a despicable person. GTA V felt like a step back to be honest. I didn't enjoy it as much as GTA IV. It didn't feel as alive.

Make no mistake though: W:TNO success is no accident. The game had fantastic writing. BJ is a magnificent character and so is everyone else in this game, even the bad guys. The world-building helped tremendously in this. The fact that they bothered to look at old plans for Hitler's ""Germania"", the fact that germans actually speak german, with solid voice actors. It adds layers upon layers, creating a solid foundation for the story.

Simply put: It's extremely well-done."
Well-made but without really pushing any boundaries can still be very fun. Just like how many bands keep the same sound but still put out well-written material 
"That's actually quite cost effective, you reuse the same game design and engine, iterate a bit on it, and just make the art team crunch to fill a new world with new assets...

It seems to be working quite well for them that way.

EDIT : just to add to this =&gt; it's not just ubisoft's fault, it's also the gamers fault that want games to be new, but still sales prove that people don't actually buy stuff that's different and stick to fifa / madden / COD / AC...

No wonder studios don't risk doing something new when they have a golden goose...

Not to mention quality is not rewarded : I saw console players crying on facebook that AC:U ran like shit, after seeing them doing the daily countdown for weeks prior to the game release, sharing every bit of shit Ubisoft PR was sending their way and after preordering the definitive deluxe extra THX dobly edition of the game, with a shite figurine and 2 useless bonus for the game.

And yesterday what did I see ? Same guys sharing the syndicate deluxe edition and saying ""ho shiny do want"".

Gamers in general have no self respect it would seem, I totaly see why studios take advantage of this. Also look at alien isolation : good game, good release, fantastic franchise... sales ? They are just ""meh"" at best. So why bother as a studio ?"
"That's your opinion, though. I found it extremely rewarding to just walk around and discover things, find caverns I haven't found before.. basically have an adventure.

Not replayable though, since once you've done it, you've done it."
"I'm right with you on the ""gamey"" part. The last AC I played was Brotherhood, which in my opinion wasn't even half bad! But at the same time I felt somewhat relieved when I was finally done, and I have zero motivation whatsoever to play a game that feels exactly the same. Hey, FPS games feel very similar as well, but at least they're over after a few hours usually..."
"That may be true but nothing in Fallout 3 got me as into the game as Vulpes' introduction in Nipton.  Nipton itself may just be some ranch style homes next to a city hall with a small trailer park next to it, but it was still lined with crucified people that were assaulted by crazy Roman wannabes.  That was the moment when I knew New Vegas had catapulted to something really special.  Absolutely one of my favorite moments in gaming history."
I think the problem with AC games now is they're basically the COD of their genre. Just a regurgitation of the same formula because it was/is a successful franchise. 
"For me open-world now its just big nope (few exceptions ofcource). Im tired of open-world games, they unnessesary long just to be long, i dont like collectibles and secrets, i dont want to spend a lot of time just traveling to start missions (even with fasttravel this is still long), and action, gamedesign and narrative of most missions in these games always meh."
"You'll never please anybody. That much us true.

I'd still argue that the Dark Energy ending would have caused far less uproar than the shipped ending (more compelling IMO, and it's not something that's been explored in dozens upon dozens of other SciFi stories), but I freely admit that I have a bias in favor it. :P"
"i think we played different games.  i thought Far Cry 3 was all shine and no substance.  it's either reset the camps and end up being annoyed by the endless streams of enemy jeeps, or clear all the camps and be annoyed by the complete lack of enemies."
"I heard that this was because Fallout 3 was originally planned to take place far sooner after the bombs dropped, but they changed the time period later in development. I believe some early footage even shows a different year in the pip boy."
"What irked me about FO3 was the ludicrious amount of skeleton laying about. In raider dens, okay, I can understand that. But it really annoyed me when I entered the radio station and there were skeletons laying around.

Really? You go to work there every weekday and you're just fine with skeletons? Even if you're really busy, it might be a nice idea to take an afternoon cleaning up the place. "
I remember Miyamoto saying he did the same thing when his team created mario 64. You can always build off a good foundation.
"Open world has been overdone, but at the same time, I feel there isn't any real open world games out atm.

Every open world game I've played in recent years features the open world as a setting but a linear set of objectives as the gameplay. It's just jarring and makes me think ""Why bother with creating this awesome open world if you're not going to use it?"". GTAV is the biggest offender in recent times, for myself atleast :/.

For me, the ultimate open-world games are Banjo Kazooie, Tooie, and Mario 64. All three offer open world gameplay better then any GTA or Assassins Creed."
"What I love about V (for all its rough edges) is that there are SO MANY hidden quests and subplots and such.  Like, just from seeing discussions about the game, I know there are elements I haven't stumbled onto at all.  And that's despite something like 100 hours in-game and being nearly to the point of being able to navigate LS without the map.

Or there was a hysterical post in /r/grandtheftautov_pc the other day where some guy accidentally killed Packie from IV without even realizing it, because it was just a random encounter.  OTOH, getting even MORE obscure...  Successfully meeting, helping, and recruiting Packie and *then* using him on a Heist results in dialogue that reveals which of the two endings to IV is canon.  I mean, wow.
 
And isn't there some grand mystery involving aliens that no one has concretely worked out yet? 

The Bethesda-style RPGs are the only other games I'm aware of where this can happen, and I'll stumble upon people talking about quests I've never even heard about in my own game.

Edit: Since people are asking:  [Spoiler](#s ""Kate's dead, Roman's alive, and Nico vanished."")"
"Ubisoft's ""indie"" division is pretty superb. Games like Valiant Hearts and Rayman have legitimately creative and passionate developers working on them, and it shows. But their AAA side is a mess, it's like they've become too big and corporate for their own good. They completely lost touch of what video games should be about, instead they keep using the same formula because they're scared of deviating from what makes them guaranteed money every year."
"Killing straight white males with slave owner ancestors who are part of the 1% and are also pedophiles, they also abuse their wives/kids/and pets. "
How does voice chat work in Saint's Row 3? The version on Steam uses Steam voice instead of anything actually in the game.
"Ubisoft's approach to Assassin's Creed is like trying to bake a cake in ten minutes by cooking it at 600 degrees. Sure, the ingredients are all there and it's technically cooked, but that thing that comes out of the oven isn't a cake."
"In Ubisoft's defense: In Far Cry 4 a lot of stuff happens in the world when you are not doing missions. Lots of findable secrets, events happening, sidequests, crazy eagle/tiger/honeybadgers attacking towns etc.

The problem is, after it happened like 5 times it also becomes repetitive and you just don't bother with the events anymore."
"I take it you didn't play Far Cry 4?

I mean, criticising Ubi for the Unity technical mess is one thing. But 'completely lost touch of what video games should be' is hilariously absurd. Despite the technical issues of Unity, its a pretty good game in its own right. Just because a formula doesn't redefine a genre everytime and breaks records means that they've 'lost touch of what video games should be' 

In fact I'd argue that YOU have. Video games should be fun. I have 50 hours clocked in Unity alone. I had fun with it. What should video games be? Please enlighten me and everyone else here. Formulas don't necessarily mean 'not fun' for everyone. The whole premise is on paper thing subjectivity. "
"We might have. I liked that areas could be cleared, it's a believable progression, and not something I'll hold against the game. The way to you talk about ""resetting the camps"" tells me you're looking at it from an abstract position rather than one where you're actually immersed in the game. It doesn't sound like you got into it to begin with.

But mostly, the wildlife just made the whole thing for me, to see a tiger hunting one of the peaceful species or be ambushed by a bear... that was pretty awesome. Not to mention random (or uncaged) animal interventions when you're attacking a camp."
"I had some woman pull call for help, she told me some guy was beating up his girlfriend and needed help. I follow her around a house, and there's 3 guys with weapons ready to jack my shit. 

Of course, I saw it coming and destroyed them all, but it's a great little tidbit added to the game that makes even aimless driving interesting. "
"Not trying to shit on anyone, but it's kinda hilarious that the GOG part of CD Projekt had to fix the mess made by the porting part of CD Projekt."
"I liked the one where Franklin runs into a brother getting beat down by the LOST in Sandy Shores, and ends up sparking a biker attack.  Even better was that I saw them coming, calmly pulled out my RPG, and killed the entire pack in one shot.

(Honestly, I think the vehicles in V explode a little too easily.  If they're anywhere *near* an explosion, they immediately blow as well.  I miss the car physics of IV...)"
"And if you play *all* of them, they're going to feel even more stale.

The average gamer does not buy every single Assassin's Creed and Far Cry game, along with Watch Dogs, The Division (which will surely be more of the same) and everything else. The attach rate of a console over it's life is ~10. This is the same game tuned to different audiences, in order to sell as many games as they can.

If you play a lot of games, then try something else. Don't just buy the same game every year, because surely by now, you *know* it's just a tweak on last year's game. Skip a few. Buy them when they're cheap. Just don't buy it and then complain that it's the same thing again. You bought it. That's the only stat Ubisoft are looking at. You bought it so that means you approve of the same shit over and over again."
"It does look like bombs dropped recently so everyone who survived live in the ruins or tin huts and scavenge supermarkets for supplies.

That makes zero sense considering lore says it's been 200 years and there are all sorts of mutated beasties around to add to that.

It would be much more cohesive if it was just after the war and you had to deal only with military/bandits/Chinese invaders/crazy robots."
"Well the lore was deep, but dungeons were uninspired, and the radiant mission system got old quickly as well imo."
"It's so fucking hilarious, insanely crazy that this doesn't seem to bother them at all. Using the same systems over and over and over and over and over and over and over and......we could maybe try something el- nah fuck it, over and over and over and over...."
"Skyrim, no matter how empty, is still light years ahead of any other open world game. Yeah it is repetitive and people hate the dungeons and leveling but being able to fully interact with your environment (thanks gamebyro!) is an amazing thing. I spent hours stacking enemy bones for my house and rearranging people's furniture while they sleep. Other games don't let you do that."
there are too many games and not enough time in my life to sit down and play mediocre ubisoft cookie cutters anymore
"It's a bit like how Fallout New Vegas has some unused magic features from Skyrim and Skyrim has some unused shooting features from Fallout 3.

I do wonder what happens if you unlock the gun stuff in Skyrim. I'm sure there's a mod for it."
"&gt; I definitely know what the author's talking about. So many people can't tell good pixel art from bad pixel art, so the effort is practically wasted.

I think that the screenshots of his game in the article look ugly as sin.

http://i.imgur.com/01sc93K.png

Sprites are poorly aliased and poorly shaded, edges are ill-defined, colours bleed into each other, there is far too much dithering, there isn't a consistent pallet and the colours used for the GUI look faded and washed-out etc. It also looks like most of the art was created at a higher resolution and then downscaled, the UI in particular.

This image that he linked shows pixel art done right:http://www.pixeljoint.com/files/icons/full/chipanddale31x1noborders.png


I think that he's correct in that people don't appreciate good pixel art, but I think that *his* art is ugly as hell and so is the art style that he used for the game.

Also, talking about the game he worked on:

&gt;Some devices blur Auro. Some devices stretch it. Some devices letterbox it.

The programmers have absolute control over these things, why is he blaming devices for the programmers' incompetence?

 "
"For those unaware, here's a list of all Dragon Quest games on the 3DS:

* Slime MoriMori Dragon Quest 3: Taikaizoku to Shippo Dan (sequel to Dragon Quest Heroes: Rocket Slime)
* Dragon Quest Monsters (Dragon Warrior Monsters)
* Dragon Quest VII
* Dragon Quest Monsters 2 (Dragon Warrior Monsters 2)
* Dragon Quest X (MMORPG)
* Theatrhythm Dragon Quest
* Dragon Quest VIII

And here are the ones which have been localised:


...."
"I loved Mafia despite the open world being dead outside of missions. As long as the missions are really good I don't see a content-lacking open world as being a problem, it's a backdrop that greatly helps to immerse you in the environment, like a big skybox that happens to be explorable. If you expect content in the skybox then of course you're going to be disappointed so it's a matter of controlling expectations. "
"&gt; If you're going to make a game TO MAKE MONEY, either embrace a low-res pixelated look, or do high-res hand-drawn frames. It's exactly like the author said: the layman can't understand the insane speed and difficulty of master-level jazz, and therefore can't appreciate it, and why pop and simple melodies are more popular.

This is so ridiculously pretentious that I actually laughed. "
"Because none of the changes felt significant enough, despite how good they looked on paper. Your mileage may vary of course, but most of the new changes to AC3 didn't feel like they added much. The hunting system was rather simplistic and not very fun(for me at least). I know many enjoyed the naval system but personally I never felt it fitting well either, would rather have had a different game series. 

At the same time AC3 removed the expansive and labyrinthine cities in favor of colonial America, with less interesting locales and a lot of forests. Combat system remained more or less identical, and for people that had enjoyed the series a long time, made even easier in many ways. It felt much like one step forward three steps back for me, black flag took a small step forward again and Unity seemed to just stomp around in the mud when it comes gameplay wise. 

After 6(7?) games, the gemaplay has certainly outstayed its welcome."
I highly suggest picking up Saints Row: The Third after you finish GTA5.  The wold feels great but its the outlandishness that sets it apart from GTA that makes it work so well.  You'll have a blast.
"And that's okay because you start the race at the junction. The map isn't hidden from you before you do it, though."
"Darksiders 2 is an awesome game. If you at all enjoy Zelda, or action games like Bayonetta, and like the idea of both together- pick it up. It's derivative in mechanics but manages to fit together perfectly."
"Yeah I killed Packie accidentally too.

Then I reloaded my pistol. But guess what? ""R"" is bound to ""Light Melee"". 

So I ended up ""Light Melee""-ing the storekeeper getting robbed."
"If you're that precise with a bow&amp;arrow IRL, you'd be better off aiming for thighs, chest, trapezius...the head isn't worth it, too much bone."
I find collectables to be pointless busy work to pad out a game and make it seem like there's more content than there is.
"Just because there's something always happening doesn't make it inherently interesting or enticing, though."
"Official developer response: http://forums.cdprojektred.com/threads/35851-Insider-says-there-was-a-graphics-downgrade?p=1651257&amp;viewfull=1#post1651257

Marcin says this is not a developer. I guess we'll find out once the game releases for PC."
"it is not. the market is so over-saturated with Ubi, Ea, Actvision etcetera, that most smaller companies just can not invest a lot of time and money into a good open world game and hope to get a profit. those stale games sell. people buy them, complain they are terrible, and buy them again, with the long term memory of a particularly absent-minded goldfish.             
and people who are buying those games, only to be severely disappointed time after time, will not spend that money on less know, better crafted ones.           
that way, each game is pushed to conform to the same, boring model, or it will just not sell enough.       "
"I would be overjoyed if Dragon Quest VII and Theatrhythm Dragon Quest got localized. I already own Dragon Quest VIII on PS2, but I think I'd probably get it again if it released in North America for 3DS."
"Yeah, I definitely liked how some of sidemissions are hidden. I remember recruiting Packie actually. Don't remember the results though.

Far as I know there just some UFO's that crashed into the ocean."
"I've come to perceive Ubisoft games like how I viewed Guitar Hero when they were churning out titles. Doesn't help that their games have been poorly optimized.

Last Ubisoft game I got was Far Cry 3. Don't see myself getting any of their games anytime soon unless it is critically acclaimed.

But, they are making a lot of money, so what I think doesn't matter. They are doing something right with their marketing and delivering a product millions keep coming back for."
"Yep, there a few factors for that. The average income in Brazil has never been that great, being only about R$ 2168 in the month of March. Today that would be the equivalent of US$ 722. Meanwhile, in the US the average Wage is about US$ 10,55 an hour, since people usually work an average of 47 hours a week, that makes the average income to be US$ 2479, more than triple of what is made in Brazil. 

Now, a game in the US usually cost from U$ 40 for non AAA titles to U$ 60, that means when brought into Real, it usually costs us up to R$ 200 for a game. That means that for a US citizen, a game will usually cost only an average of 2% of their income, perfectly doable. On the other hand, a game in Brazil will cost you an average of 7% of your income, that is a lot harder to swallow. Count that we are in kinda of a crisis here in Brazil, it makes it that much worse.

P.S.: [Source of all the Data](http://www.tradingeconomics.com)"
"There's a lot more to the mystery than you think. There's about 4 UFOs in the game. Only 1 is underwater, the other 3 spawn in the air"
A vocal minority. Not the majority. I garuntee that most people didn't give a damn.  Vocal minorities often believe they're the majority.  
Skyrim becomes immensely better the moment you decide not to fast travel anywhere. The amount of events that happen out in the world are pretty staggering if you actually go out in the world to find them.
"I'm not sure what you're talking about. The way I see it Bethesda's worlds really are living and believable. For example, when comparing Skyrim to GTA V for example, the people in Skyrim have way more depth! Sure there are less people (it isn't set in a big city like GTA after all), but each NPC is its own unique person, living its own life with its own schedule (if you actually follow an NPC you can see how he leaves his house every morning, goes to work, later hangs out in the bar...). Plus you can strike up a conversation with whoever you meet. You can't do that in GTA.

So yes, while GTA V especially did do an impressive job of showing a city, I wouldn't call it more ""living"" in comparison to Bethesda's efforts."
"Exactly! Too many people (and developers) think that open world needs to be synonymous with sandbox, and that just isn't true. LA Noire was another great example of a game that benefited from an open world that wasn't a sandbox. "
"Poetically enough, video game writers who complain about Ubisoft open worlds are making articles complaining about Ubisoft open worlds feel stale. 

Seriously, do we need the same article re-written every few weeks?"
"&gt;it's not just ubisoft's fault, it's also the gamers fault that want games to be new, but still sales prove that people don't actually buy stuff that's different and stick to fifa / madden / COD / AC...

Call of Duty peaked, sales-wise, in 2011. Madden peaked in 2006. Assassin's Creed peaked in 2012.

People aren't sticking to those franchises, they're abandoning them."
"Honestly this opinion and discussion is getting as stale as the games.  If you want to see change, stop buying them.  You can't blame a company for doing what's profitable.  You can however, show them that it's no longer profitable.  "
"Strange, surprising, comic, disappointing, obviously trying to walk in Ico / SoTC footsteps gameplay mechanics wise, but the rest is lacking.

Uneven is what qualifies it the most IMO.

Also, promotional videos are never misleading. People who chose to extrapolate on a game quality based on some few hot/good looking sequences are the ones that should learn to be cautious about *any* promotional material."
"There is a random event near the airport where someone steals a woman's car, after you get it back to her and she thanks you, you receive an email few days later from her where she tells you her name (Saeeda Kadam) and a brief backstory of her, what shocked me is that her family owns the Ponsonbys clothes store and sends you a suit as a reward!"
"Trevor is presented to the player *by the game* as a delusional psychopath. The game *itself* tells you he is a delusional psychopath. 

Hatred, on the other hand, expects you to take it seriously. If you decide that the lead character is a delusional psychopath, it's because you brought your external knowledge and wisdom and values to the game and made a judgement. The game itself does not (at least from what little we've actually seen of it) present the character this way.

So, there is a critical difference in the way the game's present the characters. But there's more to it than that.

The GTA games are crammed full of jokes. GTAV is no exception. Immature and shallow ""single entendres"" (thanks Errant Signal), ham-fisted political commentary and thoughtless caricatures, perhaps. But they are jokes all the same. The message seems to be ""don't take this seriously"". Taken in combination with other aspects of the game, the message seems to be the more nihilistic ""*nothing* can or should be taken seriously"".

Contrast this with the earnest pretension of Hatred. There's no hint of irony or self-awareness. There's no sense that the lead character is mistaken or anything but fully justified. The game wants you to take it seriously, and for no reason other than to rile people up as part of a cynical marketing ""strategy"".

There are two major critical differences between the two games.

&gt;There's no difference except for your brand loyalty. 

Believe me, I'm no GTA fanboy."
Interesting to me that Shadow of Mordor made an interesting riff on this game style. The nemesis and enemy politics made the game feel much different but it was essentially an Ubi style open world game.
"Come on, it will be out even on consoles. To run it at High/Ultra on PC you probably will need a powerful rig, but the open-world is the same regardless of you play at low or Ultra."
"If you think that makes it feel alive, try out Stalker. It's got all the fun of animals (well, mutants) hunting and eating each other with the bonus of human NPCs running around and actually doing their own thing. They actually get assigned random side-quests, the same ones you can get, and attempt to complete them."
"&gt; If the Snowdrop engine delivers on its promises then Division will look very close to what we have been shown already.

If a dog catches the frisbee when it's thrown, that frisbee will have been caught by a dog."
"It's not insane, it's normal... For most countries that aren't western europe or US.

And then they wonder why piracy is a thing in easter europe and Russia.

"
"If I'v picked up anything thats that the general gaming community has little idea about art in general. Problem with that might be misinformation from the industry itself (promo art is NOT concept art people! ) , and the disinterest in 3D, 3D is a whole nother can of worms with its technical side and limitations. 

I don't really see these people go read up on Conceptart.org or Polycarbon, unless they genuinely are interested enough, usually that means they are aspiring game artists though. Makes me wish more artists of all kinds would mix in places like these and show their work, talk about it, and just be around to share info."
"Narratively, ME3 was a horribly disappointing ending to one of the greatest RPGs in game history. 

- Making Cerberus evil again felt like backtracking - I get that he was indoctrinated, but the highly interesting Illusive Man putting the very existence of humanity in danger with some poorly-conceived, vague Reaper control plan made no sense. 

- Getting rid of loyalty missions (and in general, reducing character-focused story-telling) was a terrible idea and removed a huge part of what made ME2 so magical.
- James Vega 

- In a related point, the reintroduction of certain characters felt shallow (Jacob, Miranda, Samara, Grunt, Kaidan, Garrus, etc) and was a wasted opportunity for good character-building/sci-fi discussions that made the first two games so great
- EDI as a sexbot was kinda weird and her idea of feeling alive, while interesting, didn't really work on a sci-fi level (wasn't explained well/etc). Then again, at least she's funny and has personality, unlike James Vega (aka Tough Space Marine #23968203)
- Intra-species politics/Citadel council intrigue was half-hearted and another wasted opportunity for good RPing. Instead of Udina being inexplicably evil and wacky ninja cyborg, how about some actual role-playing/negotiating between the races?
- I get that Shepard is basically Space Jesus, but I never got the sense that he was that important of a character in the first two games. Instead, he was just an empty vessel (eg Link, Crash Bandicoot, etc) that the player could inhabit to learn about the OTHER interesting characters and the world. The weird kid dreams, Shep's mother, increased focus on Shep's emotional perspective, etc etc felt forced.  
- Worst of all, the ending is a complete clusterfuck, [and I'll let the great MrBTongue explain](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MlatxLP-xs)



Having said that, it did a few things spectacularly (although, even here, a lot of credit goes to the first two games for setting up some amazing characters):


- Mordin's sacrifice to cure the genophage. I was unabashedly bawling when he went out singing ""Scientist Salarian""
- Resolution of the Krogan problem
- Rannoch mission (Geth vs quarians), particularly the databanks of the geth with footage from the beginnings of the Morning War (I've never felt so sad for robots before)
- It did an OK job showing the toll the war was taking - you got a sense of how desperate and important the conflict was
- The DLCs were excellent... tho, honestly, the game had so little going on for it, it's kinda shameful that they weren't just part of the game to begin with"
"I think that part of the problem is that they *are* events and not a natural development of the AI. The game decides as you come up to a camp to unleash an animal into it or not and it makes all of the attacks pretty much the same. Stalker also has animals attacking human NPCs, or bandits attacking other stalkers, etc, but it's due to the AI, not pre-programmed scripts. It can happen in a camp, but more often you'll see it on the road while you're walking around. If you hear gunshots in the distance, it's not just the ambient soundtrack, there's actually a guy shooting a gun in the distance and if you run over there you can help him out or fuck him over or you can ignore it entirely. 

I'd like to think that the random side missions in Stalker are deeper than in Far Cry 3+, but they really aren't. The world 'events' however are."
"Except they actually are gonna hang his wife. There's another where a woman is waiting by a broken wagon, and if you stop, bandits jump out from behind it."
It felt more like Arkham than AC to me.  Also felt more sneaky.  In Blackflag unless I need to avoid detection for the quest I always walk in the front door and kill everyone.
"Yeah, I loved skinning animals in Watch Dogs! That was my favorite part after climbing up tall buildings."
"**Braid** was great at this. The time altering mechanic was pretty unique, so the puzzles in the game required a lot of sideways thinking. Once you figured it out, you felt like a genius. The puzzles never got stale either, since around when you got a good handle of the mechanic, it would change the rules on you slightly, forcing you to think completely differently."
"A lot of the people buying thoes games love them though, I have friends and the only games they buy every year is the new CoD fifa and maybe something like Mortal Kombat when a new one comes out. And they love them every year. I'm sure a huge chunk of people who do buy thoes games follow the exact same pattern, it's actually a pretty small minority that get online and bitch about the game. "
"The most depressing part is that they actually tried to add something new in Black Flag, everyone loved it, and then they immediately rip it out to make yet another generic UbiSoft open world game."
"You know that visibility meter in the first one? I once had a situation where it was the dead of night in game, and the meter was just pegged full for 5 minutes straight. It freaked me out and I finally got on top of a large object to try to spot what was seeing me. Couldn't find anything, eventually convinced myself the game was just bugging out. Started walking again. Hear a single exhale behind me, turn, fucking bloodsucker right up in my face. I scream, unload my gun, and kill the thing. Visibility meter goes back to zero. I had to stop playing for a while. "
This seems like something that could easily be patched out so future games wouldn't work with it as they could require/come with updated firmware.  I suppose it's better than nothing for the modder community.
"The purest ""fuck I am smart"" feel I ever had - I got playing ""**SpaceChem**"". Part of it was not just the nature of puzzles, but graphs at the end showing if I managed to complete it using less functions, or less cycles then others - they greatly encouraged me to chase the most optimal solution.

And there is also **Jelly No Puzzle**, but that's more for making you feel dumb as a log, I'm stuck around level 24 and every time I come back to it after a break - even the first puzzles give me a problem."
"Honestly I think making these games, ""Open World,"" is just a way to pad out the game as well. There's no real reason that most of these games need to be open world. There's little to do outside of challenges which quickly get boring. Say what you want about GTA but at least there's something to do in the open world. In most UbiSoft open world games there just... fuck all to actually do besides kill the bad guys you're already killing in the story missions. "
"By ""climb,"" you mean ""stand on the forklift while the forklift raises you up and then you're done,"" of course."
"The truth is, we made Ubisoft this way. 

Once upon a time, Ubi made good games. Games that took risks, innovated gameplay, introduced novel systems, and used nonstandard protagonists. And we refused to buy them. 

They've turned in to an Acti/EA clone because-- when you look at the financials of the industry-- that's how you survive. Churning out safe, shitastic games that are more or less reskins of other releases is what we reward as gamers. Then, we cry and moan on our blogs about how much we hate the game, the developers, the studio, and their children... and buy the next one. We don't really like creativity as a demographic. We like familiarity. 

Ubisoft is guilty of giving us what we showed them we want. It's not fair to blame them for that."
"Well Rockstar doesn't burn itself out by releasing a GTA every year, so there's that. They also stress to differentiate their games. Remember Table Tennis? What about The Warriors? There's the Manhunt series, Bully, and Midnight Club. Even though Red Dead is an open world sandbox game, it feels absolutely different from any of the GTAs (except for the cougars, fuck them). 
I'm not saying Ubisoft doesn't have variety in it's library, I'm just saying its hard to see that variety when they make a core game and then stick an Assassin's Creed, Far Cry, Watch_Dogs, and maybe even Division, sticker on it and call it variety. Well at least I don't have to climb towers in Rainbow Six."
"Man I remember I used to scoff at the idea and concept of this game, then I played it...

It shouldnt be good but its really is."
"The industry has convinced gamers, or we have convinced ourselves, that buying games is our culture when it is actually mostly just consumerism."
"Oh yeah! Forgot about that one. I loved that one. I liked to shoot her in the leg, lasso her, go find and break a wild horse, put her on the back, and just let the horse run off."
"At first the ubisoft formula didn't bother me. I found the parts that overlapped between games to be fun and I still thought each game had its own unique features that made them unique.

Then it started to grate on me a little bit. Watch Dogs was the last game I could tolerate that followed the exact same formula. People don't give that game credit. For all the bullshit E3 shit and downgraded graphics, it was still a solid game with an interesting premise and a fun open world. 

After Watch Dogs, I feel like ubisoft just stopped giving a shit regarding its formula. Farcry 4 was just Farcry 3 in the snow, which would have been fine if the story and protagonist were even remotely interesting. But they weren't. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I miss Jason Brody. At least he was an actual person who had some character development. Poorly executed character development that looked good on paper but didn't work well in the story? Sure, but at least he was an actual character. Ajay was just insufferably boring and uninteresting. I was hoping farcry 4 would go further with its crazy situations and psychotic characters, but everything just felt sort of....held back in a way. 

Then came Assassin's Creed Unity which took the formula to overdrive, slapping hundreds of collectibles I didn't care about all over the map and calling it ""content"". Items were segregated based on whether or not you had uplay or some stupid mobile app. Like many people, I'm getting a bit tired of the Assassins in Assassin's Creed, but I may be the only person in the world who loves the science fiction aspects in the game, and the modern day story. I've always loved when science fiction or fantasy is mixed in with settings that don't normally have it, and I always felt like those elements separated Assassin's Creed from the average action game. Unity almost completely did away with these aspects and I just wasn't interested anymore. I could maybe look past this if the story was focused on the time period and I got to directly shape the French revolution, but I didn't. Instead I felt like I was focusing on boring Assassin shit while the fun stuff was going on in the background. So what I was left with was another generic Assassin's game with that same damn formula as any other Ubisoft game. 

I honestly don't think I can bring myself to play another one of their games until something major changes. "
"Most likely, it was a comment thread full of nothing but off-topic or low-effort joke posts.

Those can be funny on occasion, but the mods cut that shit short quick in order to keep it from getting out of hand.  If it's allowed to stay, it'll get easy upvotes and then every comment thread will be nothing but jokes and no meaningful discussion."
"Games that make you feel clever, **Anti-chamber** and **The Talos principle**. 

Anti-chamber is going to rewrite how you percieve logic, you have an idea, then you challenge the game and how the game works, you most likely fail and then you will see if there's another way (spoiler, there is) and the game just keeps challenging you and your perception of this rather insanely illogical, still quite logical world. 

The Talos Principle makes you feel clever, through the ever more complicated puzzle solving you need to complete. However the place The Talos Principle really shines is through it's story and for how long you will have to try to figure out what the hell is going on, if you get the good ending, you will have a good idea, what the hell the story is, but until then, jesus, it's a lot of qualified guesswork, but damn i felt clever each time i got some of my theories confirmed"
"Great to see more modern games go DRM-free. If devs want to first release on Steam, and later on GOG when piracy isn't a big concern any more, I'm okay with that.
  
Saint's Row games and Metro are decently priced, but Nordic Games charging 50 Euros for Darksiders 2 + DLC normally are out of their minds (it's the same price on Steam)."
"Yea, but when you headshot skeletons you get the illusion that they fell apart because of the skull getting knocked off."
I'm old enough I played CS for years and competetivly. CS offers less opportunity to get good results by just outsmarting. Aim is much more relveant than it is in BF games.
"Pretty much sums up why there is such a disconnect between sections of Ubisoft games. Nothing is seamless, only clunky."
"I thought Darksiders was more like Zelda, and Darksiders 2 was more akin to Prince of Persia with a Diablo/Borderlands type of loot system.  I couldn't get into Darksiders 2 that much, but Darksiders 1 was my fucking jam."
"Then you kill them all by hitting an orc, jumping over an orc, hitting an orc, jumping over an orc, hitting an orc jumping over an orc, combo finisher, jumping over an orc.

And so on."
"If the PS3 era removal of features was anything to go by. Sony will probably just forever remove the capability to install a game on more than one system.

Sorry, I'm still mad about the removal of legitimate Other OS."
"1. This is the ps4 version, which is obviously a downgrade from the PC version.
2. This is youtube, which compresses the videos and automatically makes them look worse than they are.

Please don't start this. "
I remember reading an article when it first released that it was cheaper to fly to US buy a console and fly back than to buy one in Brazil.
"Yes you do. The mid-range PC I built in 2011 has roughly equal graphical capabilities (I have a 6950 2GB) and far superior CPU capabilities (i5 2500k) when compared with a PS4. PC versions of games still look much better - especially in cases like this where PC was the first platform.

Consoles this generation have been further behind PCs than ever before because Microsoft and Sony are no longer willing to take massive losses on the hardware side."
"It's around 13:55 or so.  He says the main character is voiced By Temuera Morrison of course,  who played Jango Fett in the movie, but he hadn't  seen the film,  so he couldn't comment on if his performance was stale during that.  He said originally some of the lines in the game were read very stale.  

I think it's interesting how he never saw the film.  It's not necessarily shocking though,  the game came out in 2005 while Attack of the Clones came out in 2003. They probably started work on the game before the film was watchable.  "
Game has been awesome thus far. Everything from the music to the setting just has these awesome vibes. 
How does their server not having enough bandwidth mean the client sucks? Is the client run from a remote server?
It should be noted that the mandatory stealth section in the beginning that TB mentions isn't mandatory - you can shoot ubersoldiers if you know where to shoot them.
"I forgot about this game, and I really liked it. Oh well, guess I'll have to reinsta- wait, I have it installed? Sweet.

Anyways, I don't have strong expectations because it's the third out of five, but the game has been solid so far, cringey dialogue here -*cough chloe cough*- and there, but everything else has been pretty good, **dat Ep 2 rooftop scene**. The soundtrack is awesome. Also, fuck Chloe"
"Wow how ironic is it that he says the game has no enemy, locations, and weapons variation right before he [Spoiler](#s ""gets to the part with the zombies, the sawed off shotgun, and starts going to more locations"") I mean it doesn't drastically make the game different but it brings it to a much more fun and silly level that made the first game fun. But I suppose that's one of the curses of making first impression videos like his Shadow of Morodor review.

Edit: grammar "
"&gt; The ability to actually disable someone by shooting them in the leg or hand felt fantastic. Not to sound like a psychopath but I loved shooting people in the kneecap and watching them struggle to crawl away.

This was the one thing that really disappointed me about GTA V - they removed this system. Shoot someone in the hand or leg, they'll either:

 - stumble about for a bit before regaining their balance and continuing to shoot you

 - fall to the floor(even for hands) and curl up for a bit before either shooting you while lying down, or die

 - die

No dropping their guns, no limping away, no crawling away into cover, just living/dying."
"I would think that they started making the game before the film released.  They probably were given a story outline,  some concept art,  and then told to go brainstorm then talk to Lucas about it for approval and guidance.  And they were all probably too busy during development  to do anything like see a movie.  

But the game and movie don't have the same tone,  feel,  perspective  or anything,  so I don't think watching the film would have helped them at all and the final product is fantastic without the film knowledge.  "
"No individual feels responsible because it's a cultural norm. This is how things are ""supposed to be,"" so they shrug it off and don't think about it. If people can't handle it or don't like it, they're safely discounted as being ""weaklings,"" and we move on with our lives.

Needs a big socioeconomic change if we're to go anywhere else."
"Because Japanese developers are stupid.

""We didn't make enough money on our game that we localized without any advertising and only produced 8 copies of, so we're not giving you any later titles as you clearly didn't want this one."" 

""But there are 50,000 of us who wanted it and couldn't find it, as you only released 8 copies""

""LALALALALA CAN'T HEAR YOU TOO BUSY NOT LOCALIZING GAMES"""
"I felt the same way about SR3 compared to SR2 and I was disappointed that they went overboard with the humor. Later I tried SR4 and enjoyed it for it was, over the top ridiculous, and I realized that they had to take it in that direction to not always be considered a pale imitation of GTA. You gotta forge your own product if you don't have the funding to compete against the giants."
"Man, I wanted to like that game so bad... But it turned out to be just a bunch of minigame time trials scattered across a big map, with a few races scattered here and there, and a *really* bad story.  The only MMO part about it is when you're not in a race you see people driving around the map with you; you can't challenge them to street races or anything.

It isn't an MMO where you create crews and fight for control of the map at all.  IIRC, you can only join one of 5 *premade* ""gangs"" and winning races earns influence for said gang.  Which just nets you some extra cash.

However it defaults everyone to one of the gangs from the beginning.  You just stay in that gang and instantly start winning money for doing nothing.

Then you have the fact that it's a $60 AAA title loaded with microtransactions, with a premium currency and the ability to buy cars right off the bat instead of spending hours grinding them out.

Sigh.  Maybe we'll see a true MMO racer with a map that large some day.  One where you can influence areas with your clan's power and get more than a few extra pennies, like custom paint jobs and parts."
"Yup, pretty sad the amount of people, including TB, that didn't even bother trying to shoot the ubersoliders before deciding it was forced stealth. Easier to cause outrage that way I guess. "
"&gt; Kai Leng

It's hard to overstate just how amazingly lame Kai Leng was. First off, he's not threatening. His initial opening, ""Just let me shoot him, stop with the fucking cutscene and let me shoot him, stop it already and let me shoot him in the fucking face!"" Given any Shep's array of abilities Kai should have been dead almost instantly. Adrenaline Rush-&gt; Mattock to the Face, Stasis, pick your poison. He was alive because the game demanded it. On the elevator, he sends mooks. When the going gets tough, he runs. On Thessia, you can't kill him because plot shields and he taunts you about. In the second encounter he survives only because we aren't allowed to kill him. It makes him infuriating not because of how good he is at being bad, but how bad he is at being a good villain. Hell, at the end when the game finally stopped preventing me from doing what I wanted he died instantly. He was never once a worthy opponent for Shep and that made him awful."
"I really didn't expect looking forward to this as much as I do, but it's a pretty damn decent narrative (which the game industry is lacking quite a bit) and I actually did manage to really get into it.

I'm also curious to see how they'll actually handle choices made, and I do hope they're doing something else than the telltale route of ""a character might bring this up once in a future conversation"", but I don't have much high hopes for that."
"True and false,  the big world map is free to roam as you like without any loading screens,  however 2 zones that are outside the map have to be traveled to by fast travel.
Other then this there might be a few loading screens during specific missions in the campaign but that's all. It's not like Dragon Age: Inquisition where all you have is a few instances,  it skyrim where every house,  village,  door,  cave etc is a new instance that requires a loading screen. 
You can go from one end of the map two the other,  all of the main world can be accessed by horse without issues. "
"Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory.

The level designs are just great and give you a lot of opportunities to feel smart. Even though you are making use of tactics that must have been intentional designed into the game, using them often feels like you've done something super clever."
The Hitman franchise. Each level is like a puzzle that you can complete in different ways and with multiple ways to get the coveted silent assassin rating. This combined with figuring out the methods says a lot about how well level design and open endedness helps with making me feel clever :)
"Then explain why there isn't a company importing electronics and cars and selling them at a lower price, beating the other sellers, while still making profit?"
It's probably because you are grown up. Imagine what a 25 year old would think of Clueless if it came out today?
"I have been enjoying this game so far. I really hope they do more [Spoiler] (#s ""Time powers not working"")  it was very stressful the first time"
"This is cool, but one line jumped out at me:  ""Dolphin is already bottlenecked by the amount of draw calls""

Isn't this one of the exact reasons DX12 was made?  Is there any kind of early-access DX12 sdk, and if so have the Dolphin devs tried adding in a DX12 backend?

I knew Dolphin was a CPU-bound program, but I always thought it was just general emulation and not draw calls.

Glad the mainline build is starting to get built-in 3D+VR support.  The little I played with Smash Bros was incredible."
"That was the whole point though. [Spoilers](#s ""It's as if you weren't a good enough friend, and as a result, you couldnt actually remember. If you had cared, you'd have remembered, and you could have saved Kate as a result. The fact you didn't remember the stuff about her is the reason she killed herself. She felt alone and scared and didn't know what to do, and when her last friend turned her back on her, it drove her to suicide."")"
"Yeah, but they still get the return on bulk with the annual release schedule. Game IPs in the hands of these developers are becomming more like TV series than movies; it's less a matter of sequels and more like getting picked up for another season. "
"Before you criticize the video, ask yourself, ""What do I prefer? A larger map with nothing to do, or a relatively big map full of interesting content?""

Because people forget that there have been tons of games that are huge and there is nothing in it. Or it's just filled with repetitive content. 

Please keep this in mind before shitting over yet another game. "
"**Catherine** is my most recent game and it definitely made me feel super clever.  If you haven't played it you have to arrange blocks so that you can climb them to your goal. Sounds easy?  Later levels include blocks that break, blocks that are traps, ice blocks you can't walk on, enemies that won't allow you to climb, and worst of all each night ends with a hard as hell boss that chases you up the wall.  If you are not fast enough, can't think quick enough, or can't arrange blocks fast enough you will die.  I'm proud to say I beat the game yesterday without strategy guides/FAQs sand I've had lots of people tell me they've straight up quit the game even on the easiest setting.  That game seriously has Dark Souls levels of joy when you complete levels and figure out ways around obstacles.  On top of the fun puzzle gameplay it has a great jRPG story"
"This is what makes TB so very opinionated. He doesn't actually seem to research things and only look into something from his perspective. Which is generally thorough, but in my eyes, isn't enough. It's what baffles me that he gets treated like a journalist. Which already has the bar set low in this industry. "
"I would recommend blood money for the less railroaded experience on some missions. Don't  get me wrong, i love absolution for the ideas but execution could be better."
"He misses some points about how the game plays out, particularly  the mandatory stealth section. No section in the game is mandatory, however several are just more difficult in the early game. Inversely some later stealth sections can be difficult, and will likely end up in a firefight (although they are doable). 



The arenas are noticeably  more open than several of the levels from the New Order, and there is good variety between the two parts of the game (part 1 is stronger).  If your on the fence just wait for a sale and pick it up. It's worth it.

Source: Finished it on Uber and Death Incarnate"
Indeed it is. Seeing that he also voiced Carth in Knights of the Old Republic 1 and 2 at about the same time it's not that surprising that he was a sort of go to voice actor at Lucasarts.
"No other games have ever done this. Ever. Not GTAV, Soldier of Fortune, Postal, etc. None of them. People want to hate this game because that's exactly what the developers intended and it doesn't fit well into their views.

I hope it sells well and the creator can laugh his ass off all the way to the bank."
"Here's a full day-night cycle timelapse.  The payoff at the end is really fantastic.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkN6Mds-hrc"
"I just don't understand how Hatred is Sadistic while Mortal Combat is not. I personally think the brutalities/fatalities are probably the worst I've seen in any game.

Not that I've got anything against either of them. I just don't see how Hatred is anything different or new. "
"Ehm. So if you got the offer between buying a car to 70k and a car to 60k, would you pick the expensive one or the cheap one?

Now which company would sell more cars, the one who sold them to 60k or 70k?

Next step, if the ones selling them to 70k can't sell enough, they'd have to compete with the ones selling them to 60k.. Therefore, your logic makes no sense. Unless Brazillians are dumb enough to buy the expensive ones all the time and ignore the cheaper retailers (Which i highly doubt), pretty much their own fault then."
"I guarantee you, people will (and in this case, already have) find a way to complain about the size of this game. "
"I didn't even play all of them.

I played the first Assassin's creed a few years ago, but that's the only one.

I played the original far cry when it first came out and loved it. Crysis 1 &amp; 2. Then Far Cry 3. 

Half way through Farcry 3 I got bored and skipped the rest of the side missions to just get the game over with. They were so much the same I couldn't stand it, even though I thought the island was beautiful. 

Blood Dragon was amazing, but that was purely because of how ridiculous the theme &amp; story were. The gameplay itself was exactly the same (granted, it was DLC).

This from someone who spent hundreds of hours in vanilla Skyrim and never felt bored. I think it's because Ubi games are missing the background lore and stories to fill out the world. I didn't care about a single NPC I ran into the Far Cry 3's open world beside's a few main story characters. The side quest NPCs were incredibly generic."
"When I played episode 2 for the first time, it was before there were any reviews/walkthroughs/anything, so I had no idea how to handle that entire sequence. It was, hands-down, the most stressful game I'd ever played."
"So what you're saying is that in brazil, there is nothing called competition, you just stick to a price and everyone follows that price no matter what?

Maybe i should move to Brazil and start up a company selling cars for 1000$ less than everyone else and become a millionaire"
"Which is the entire premise of his series. First look. Early impressions. Which he himself frequently made clear. That and that he is neither journalist, nor making reviews.

Your criticism would be valid for actual reviews, which this isn't."
"It's not just the violence, or even the brutality of the violence, but the context. I think the big one with Mortal Kombat is that all of the characters are fighting each other and are all willing to commit brutalities or fatalities. 

It would be a lot different if the whole game were about chasing down fleeing people screaming in mortal peril and ripping out their spines."
"You're not wrong, but you could.... hit some, mind control some, jump over some, AoE stun some, flaming arrow explosion some. It was repetitive for the most part, but some fights could end up cool as shit."
"The point he's making is that, like many others, he doesn't research exactly what must be done because most other people wont. If it seems like forced stealth to him then it's likely most people will think it's forced stealth and have no idea. It's not the job of others to explain stuff to players. The players have to determine these things themselves OR the devs need to make it more clear."
"This. I mean postal 1 was made in 1997. Hatred is nothing new. Guy making hatred probably wanted to make silly game, but it all got out of control, and it's actually nice for the game, any publicity is good publicity. I just hope he never apologies for making Hatred. It's a game. Just like falling down with michael douglas  is only a movie. "
"I am tired of MMO Kickstarters. MMOs are the most difficult, most expensive types of games you can make, and every Kickstarter I've seen play out for MMOs has been a disappointment.

You know, good on them for actually having gameplay this time, though. But still, I'm sick of these."
"It's pretty fun to agro a huge crowd, lead them toward some explosive barrels and then hit the barrels with a combo fire arrow so it just erupts in a nuclear explosion killing all of them.

So badass. ^^^Just ^^^like ^^^Tolkien ^^^always ^^^wanted."
"So much this, and I really wish more ""indie"" devs took this approach. Part of the reason many games are in early access hell is that small development teams are trying to do way too much rather than simply focusing on one or two game play elements.

If you are a small indie development team that has never had a major release, maybe a huge open world MMO survival sandbox isn't the best idea for your first release."
"''I don't think there's joy in hurting other people'' - Does he not realize the game doesn't have real people in it?! The guy is grasping at straws for a reason to distance hatred away from other violent games, you mowing down 100 people in call of duty just because there's a goal doesn't mean its not satisfying to do that just for that sole purpose. Hes too busy claiming that if I play hatred its akin to going out and being an actual sadist to understand its a fantasy world full of little digital humans and not real people."
"The title seems to be somewhat misleading in my opinion. They don't travel in a straight line, they use various methods of transportation (with varying speeds), and as far as I can tell they are only traversing one zone. I don't want to spread any negativity, the game looks amazing (especially the wind and the city architecture), all I'm saying is you can't just read the title and assume you can travel the world map end to end in 35 minutes."
"all the stuff you had to know to save her was in the same episode, take your time when playing, dont rush it"
"Yes! For me, Chaos Theory was really the best stealth game out there (and it still is). Huge freedom of movement across the levels, tons of lethal and nonlethal gadgets, and meters that tell you exactly how loud and illuminated you are. Having a part of the sound bar marked to know how loud the environment was blew my mind when I first played the game. 

I think that you've done a stealth game right when, if the player uses their tools, that player can complete the entire game without really being seen (not counting the Mexican standoff scene, of course). "
I was in the same boat. It was the point that i thought that my choices actually mattered. Did you manage to pull off the convo? I failed on the very last option :(
"Same here. I was briefly considering tabbing out and checking up, then after a short time actually trying that found out I was among the first, and well, fuck it, I got this, I listened to her, I paid attention, I can do this! :o

(I did :D :D :D )"
"What I didn't like about this video is that he seems to be condemning the game based on its theme, just like people have been doing for decades. I'm not saying Hatred will be good, but if the gameplay makes for a compelling experience, I'm not going to dismiss it just because it's about killing (virtual) people. Even if it is a bad game, that doesn't mean a better developer wouldn't be able to make a good implementation of it. I think it's important to approach this with an open mind.

There's a lot of good discussion on the topic over in [this thread,](https://np.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/35rlml/could_rockstar_get_away_with_a_manhunt_3/) about whether Rockstar would get away with another Manhunt."
"/r/chiliadmystery 

tl;dr there's 4 ufos in the game, 3 in the sky and one in the water. The 3 in the sky have different textures and models, with the one above the military base appearing to be modified for human pilots. 

Textures have been found in the game files for an alien egg that hasn't been seen in game yet. "
"She didn't mention it explicitly, [Spoiler](#s ""she just said ""sorry you saw David lose his temper"" not ""sorry that you had to see David hit Chloe"". Then you can reveal it."") I don't think you're remembering it correctly."
"It really bothers me this is coming from the guys who want videogames to grow as a medium and yet condemning this game and even saying some of the devs are neo nazis (which is was proven they aren't)

I really think what is throwing people off is that the protagonist is a edgy fuck who loves killing people. Guess what? Those are the people who really do go on rampages. 


Even then its no different from other games. In GTA you can have sex with a prostitute and then physically beat her to death with your bare hands and get the money back(one some models some of them even have a black eye.) Kill anyone anyway you want, a hatchet, bombs, car bombing, suicide bombing, and etc etc. You could argue all thats optional so lets talk about the story.

 **GTA 5 spoilers below**

  The game's story forces you to blow up a CEO's head, torture a innocent man,  go on rampages over a minor issue (Trevor), has Trevor threaten to rape people, Beat a man to death until his brains come out because Trevor was caught fucking the guy's  girl yet again, Kill morgue workers/security who were only doing their job, Killing large amounts of police, killing large amount of gang members, film a celebrity having sex in her own backyard, chase down, threaten, and strip down Lazlo because he was only doing his job, assassinate CEO's that Lester views as ""evil"" because he simply disagrees with them or their business, assassinate a man for the FIB who is later revealed to be innocent businessman. 

I feel like what we can do in GTA is far worse than whats going in in Hatred. Hatred is just killing people and police on some edgy bloodlusted rage. GTA has a lot more going on and more to do to fuck with and kill people. The only difference is the protagonists rarely mention killing. They are like blinded by it they don't embrace it, its just something they do. Hatred's protagonist embraces it and loves it. It bothers me that a game like Hatred is being so controversial while games like GTA have huge advertisements all over the place. 




"
"Nothing made me feel smarter than when the sheep would explain a new technique to me after I had already figured it out for myself.

That said, I am dumb and I would never have figured out Inazuma without their help. "
"My only beef with that is that Blaskovich always drops the turret he's carrying when he goes through a door. There's one section where you have three Ubersoldiers with one patrolling up the middle where you have to wait like two minutes to get a chance to kill an Ubersoldier and get a gun. If you could have kept the machine gun from the previous room, it would have been so much easier."
"Yes, it's cheaper to fly to Miami just to buy it, and not cheaper than a whole week stay in Miami as /u/overreactor said: https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=pt&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=pt-BR&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;u=http%3A%2F%2Fjogos.uol.com.br%2Fultimas-noticias%2F2013%2F10%2F17%2Fe-mais-barato-comprar-o-ps4-no-brasil-ou-viajar-para-fora-e-compra-lo-la.htm&amp;edit-text="
"Antichamber is more like ""yay, I randomly wandered around in the right direction to make a hallway appear""."
"I don't remember the map working like that in Driver San Francisco.

The unlocked more of the map the more you did the story, not because you drove to a tower."
"That was an incredible design choice. The entirety of Episode 2 was about Max being in full control of everything but at the very moment when it matters most... they take it away from you. It makes you feel powerful, then vulnerable, in control then weak. "
"This sounds like a standard ""all for one"" hack.

That is when you make machines all serial number clones of each other, down to the serial numbers. After you do that, anything that can run on one can run on any of them.

Sony presumably has hardware protections in place to try to prevent this, but they are not sufficient."
"Depends on how well the mechanics gel with the stealth. It can be fun, but some games don't implement it well and it just becomes a frustrating situation. Don't have an opinion on how it's implemented here though, haven't played."
"What? OtherOS was around for literally years. It never really had mainstream usage because it wasn't super useful. Cool yes, useful no. For a while research labs used PS3 as cheap computing clusters but at this point there is probably a much better $/watt alternative."
"I honestly think they missed the mark completely on this one, maybe because of their own dislike of the pure sadism aspect. 


A game about pure sadism can litterally be the emotional relief some still needs, implying a game has to somehow channel your emotions into something productive just doesn't feel right. That sounds like an educational game, and as the sadism aspect isn't universal, so can the interpretration of games, and what others take from it and use it for as well.


Saying sadism can't be internally handled seems wrong as well, it feels like the group has issues to understand the actual mindset of someone who would actually be a sadist by nature.


At minimum the game can be treated as art. Its outright supposed to cause a reaction, and holy fucking hell does this make a reaction to sadism. Whether it makes you reflect on the horror of your actions, how dimmed your nerves has gotten to this kind of stuff. Or, maybe, how sadistic behavior makes you feel in general.


I get they aren't saying ban this, but I don't like the idea of them talking like they have played the game fully through either, taken note of their experiences etc. Before finally asking themselves whether to advocate buying/not buying these kind of games. Hatred could be seen much like a truly horror inducing piece of art, negative emotions exist, and nowhere is that more true in the artistic world. "
Does this mean that down the road I could play the Metroid Prime Trilogy with a VR goggles and it would be everything anyone has ever dreamed of?
"I think TB can say that it's a first look/ impression all he wants, but to think that these videos aren't going to heavily color people's opinions is silly. His audience isn't dumb, but he's talking to them from a place of some authority so I think it's understandable that people don't fact check everything, that's just life sometimes. 

I think he calls them ""first looks"" because they are easier and quicker to make, and so that when he gets something wrong he can just say ""well it's not a review"". "
"I always feel more clever in sandboxey games as compared to linear puzzle games. I still like linear puzzle games (braid, portal, etc) but usually I find myself saying ""oh the designer was clever there"" instead of feeling clever myself, because everything was planned out by a designer and I'm just doing what they wanted me to do. Meanwhile in sandbox games the onus is on my to figure out if I can do things and then sometimes I figure something out that I'm sure the designer never intended and then I feel smart/clever. 

My favorite game of the last few years is Spelunky because of how great it feels to figure out the best path through a level. Each level is procedurally generated so there's no real ""correct path"", but you just use your tools and knowledge of the mechanics to figure out how to do it. "
"I think they added that line to say ""Our emulator will be so much better the moment we can use DX12"" which could imply they already tried to implement early DX12 versions."
"Here's a link to their website: http://e3.nintendo.com/

Looks like there's a Nintendo World Championship 25th anniversary"
"RIP in pieces Bill ;_;

Anyhow, it seems they realized last year they had a winning formula, so there's no reason the change it. Hyped as fuck for this year's E3."
"I had never heard of Hatred before this video....so they just ""gave the game a megaphone"" like they said one shouldn't.  Way to go."
This is why Bill Trinen posted a fake goodbye on twitter an hour [ago](https://twitter.com/trintran/status/598502535729520643)
"[**@trintran**](https://twitter.com/trintran/)

&gt; [2015-05-13 14:58 UTC](https://twitter.com/trintran/status/598502535729520643)

&gt; I guess nothing can last for ever.

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)
"
Who else is hoping the kid will be sitting in on the Tree House stream to translate the Japanese developers. Obviously the Tree House staff could do it but it would be funny.
"As other people have already said, everything you needed to know was in that episode. In her bedroom. Take your time and explore, the game rewards exploration in that respect."
Nintendo of America seems to be great at making fans happy... Digitally. They could be better with this whole amiibo situation.
Good to see Nintendo are still there doing their own thing. Bit disappointed though that this means that the Squeenix and Nintendo  events are set for the same time - maybe not a huge amount of crossover but I'm not sure it's a good move for either company.
"Also, this means Nintendo and Square Enix will hold their press conferences at the same time on June 16th."
"Nintendo's new policy of not taking themselves seriously is the best. This video was legitimately funny. I thought that their presentation last year ""won E3"" but that's just me "
"I don't know why you say it shouldn't be good?

Legitimately just curious because this game really piqued my interest when i first saw it and made me excited to try it. It's a really good concept."
"To be fair, that's not entirely their fault. The labor disputes with the dockworkers were causing them serious problems."
"Emulation takes a lot of processing effort on a PC because it literally has to emulate the other hardware in software.

You are effectively brute forcing your way to mimicking another device.  It was only in the last few years that PS2 emulation reached a really good point.  PS3 and 360 emulation is still very much in it's infancy and shouldn't be expected to be in a usable state for what I suspect will be at least another 5 years and very likely more.

PS4 emulation?  Add 5-10 years on to whenever the console finally is replaced by it's predecessor and you'll probably be on track for usable PS4 emulation.  Of course, who can say where computing technology will be by that point.  But just being x86 isn't going to make the process necessarily any easier."
"What we learned:

-The Digital Event (on Tuesday) and Treehouse Stream are coming back.

-There will be ""even more games and guest appearances by our developers""

-Mario Maker playable demo for Best Buy incoming the week of E3

-Nintendo World Championship return?

-Trintran is \#fired"
"This was a great video.  Humor and nostalgia.  Anyone remember ""The Wizard.""  Now I have to go find some youtube videos...."
"Yep! Reading the replies to the above tweet and then this one is pretty hilarious, actually.

https://twitter.com/trintran/status/598521615006076928"
"[**@trintran**](https://twitter.com/trintran/)

&gt; [2015-05-13 16:14 UTC](https://twitter.com/trintran/status/598521615006076928)

&gt; Sorry for the confusion... Time zones are hard.

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)
"
"Hatreds entire marketing strategy is to get people to talk about how horrible it is, it's hardly the first game to use controversy to get sales and it won't be the last."
"The idea that someone only plays sadistic games because they are a sadist is the the same reasoning that someone only plays violent game because they are violent them self, which is the narrative that mainstream outlets are trying  to perpetuate and that we know simply are untrue (inb4: I know that gaming does influence some people. i'm not going to act like gaming cures cancer or anything)."
"Well, the WTF format isn't deep research. It's a first impression video after a few hours.

Meaning he didn't research all possible options, but just goes with his first assumption.

It's not supposed to be thorough. TB has stated this many times. He has also stated that he doesn't consider himself to be a journalist.

People simply have ideas about him and his content that aren't based in reality, just their own fantasy."
"Hahah, I love it. Nintendo is like that fun uncle who cracks jokes and plays old videogames with you in a cheesy-but-endearing way. They'll always have a place in my heart! "
"I WANT A FREE ROAM, PROCEDURALLY GENERATED LIVING WORLD THE ACTUAL SIZE OF JUPITER WITH LIFELIKE AI, A LIFE CHANGING NARRATIVE, CHOICES THAT MATTER, GRAPHICS WHICH ARE INDISTINGUISHABLE FROM REAL LIFE ON MIDDLE OF THE ROAD HARDWARE, DRM FREE, WITH FREE LIFETIME UPDATES AND A PAY WHAT YOU WANT MODEL FOR PURCHASING THE BASE GAME. AND I WANT IT DEVELOPED IN 2 YEARS WITH NO BUGS.

SERIOUSLY ITS EASY, DEVS ARE JUST LAZY AND GREEDY."
Yes but they lead you to believe that that's how long it would take. Still though. Game looks amazing.
"&gt;It also means that this year will be the first that a major Assassin's Creed game has not launched on PS3 and Xbox 360 since the series began.

That sounded quite incredible so I had to look up the full roster of 'major' Assassin's Creed games:

&gt; Assassin's Creed 	2007
&gt; 
&gt; Assassin's Creed II 	2009
&gt; 
&gt; Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood 	2010
&gt; 
&gt; Assassin's Creed: Revelations 	2011
&gt; 
&gt; Assassin's Creed III 	2012
&gt; 
&gt; Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag 	2013
&gt; 
&gt; Assassin's Creed Rogue 	2014

There was no AC game in 2008 aside from two mobile titles.  There were two full years between AC1 and AC2 (November 2007 to November 2009).

*edit:*  It seems there has been some confusion over the article's wording.  See [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/35u93b/ubisoft_ditches_xbox_360_and_ps3_development/cr82l0p) reply."
"But it is very obviously true. CS is always a 5v5 scenario, with guns that dont let you hit ANYTHING if you dont aim properly. Also the TTK is much lower and there are FAR less ways to move around."
"I'm hoping the Nintendo World Championship becomes a yearly thing from now on.  Last year's Smash Invitational was pretty great and I'd love to see it extended to other Nintendo games.

I wonder what the prize(s) could be.  Probably amiibos or games, but it'd be cool if it was something else."
"I used to go to school with people who would unironically use things like ""lol"" and ""rofl"" out loud, and I know I've said a fair number of stupid things myself growing up. So the dialogue just brings back some hilarious memories for me."
I don't think so. [neobrain (one of the primary Dolphin developers) has stated in the past that Direct3D 12 probably won't cause any major improvements for Dolphin.](https://www.reddit.com/r/emulation/comments/2t7fyg/will_dx12_make_a_significant_difference_for/cnx7sy6)
Still going to wait until episode 5 announcement. Then I'll buy a season pass and finish 1-4 just in time for the 5th to arrive =)
"The Nintendo of my youth was a goofy company personified by a wisecracking comic teenager named *Nester*, who dreamed in video games.  

At what point did they *start* taking themselves seriously?"
"They've been working with Mega64 on some of their videos (including this one), which definitely helps. And the Robot Chicken guys contributed to the E3 presentation last year. They're getting some real funny professionals to do their stuff, and it's working out great. "
I'm guessing the last gen versions of their last batch of games didn't sell well enough to justify developing games for them anymore.
The GameCube and Wii have a combined total of over 3000 games... Dolphin has one of the widest selection of games of any emulator!
"Kinda surprising, I mean it was obvious that they'd eventually start to get dropped by big AAA studios fully but I'd guessed that would only start happening next year.

Wonder how much last gen software sales must have dwindled for them not to be worth it anymore."
"Last gen consoles are hilariously weak, if a develop wants to develop for it then they may have to greatly sacrifice the quality of the game just to get it to work on the old hardware."
"There are still tons of bugs and issues if you know where to look for them. Abandoning a project simply because ""it's good enough"" is a bit silly. It's also worth noting that Dolphin emulates the Wii too so it can emulate a much larger selection of games than just the GameCube library."
This is how Nintendo stays my favourite gaming company - they're the only ones that still know how to have fun.
"&gt; it feels to me like they are wasting their time with an emulator that already works just fine, when there are other emulators that truly need some serious work, like any PS2 emulator.

Since it's a labor of love, their dedication comes from their love of gamecube/wii. Why would they WANT to shift to a system they may not know or like as much?

You are looking at it from the wrong angle."
"I'm unsubscribing from EC. Not because I disagree with them about Hatred, but because they went from having interesting ideas to share about making games and the impact of games on society to spewing preachy moralistic nonsense. There's something incredibly patronizing about their videos lately."
"Get off your high horse, you have no idea how ""Battlefront is looking"" based off some in engine footage."
"What about Unity?

Edit: I know it didn't launch on the xbox 360 and ps3, but the quote said, ""It also means that this year will be the first that a major Assassin's Creed game has not launched on PS3 and Xbox 360 since the series began.""

Unity came out last year.

EDIT 2: I guess I interpreted is as Unity being a Major Assassins Creed Game that didn't launch on the xbox 360 and ps3 instead of a Major Title releasing every year on those systems."
I think enough people didn't want to buy two games last November or just assumed Rogue would eventually be ported to current gen. I'm actually surprised that it hasn't yet. That's the main reason I haven't purchased it yet.
[You already can](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0Z2SBJUa88) with the unofficial [Dolphin VR fork](https://share.oculus.com/app/dolphin-vr).
"https://imgur.com/a/BiSNE
Relevant because I carried one of the ubersoliders weapon through out the first part of the game. Broke the game in some parts. "
"They should have announced that in their video!


EDIT

Okay, okay! Down votes hurt my feelings. I was making a sarcastic joke. Q-Q"
"Ah, those are two of my favorite puzzle games. What I really like about SpaceChem is that it never feels dependent on finding a weird trick to solving the puzzle like many other puzzle games are, nor do I feel compelled to brute-force everything in order to find a solution. Instead I'm able to piece together a solution by thinking through it step by step like I would if I were coding a program. The puzzles are open-ended enough to allow this, which also leads to the additional satisfaction of optimizing your solutions as you said.

I sometimes cite Jelly No Puzzle as the best game at making you feel like a complete idiot. Sure, it's incredibly satisfying to finally find the solution to a puzzle, but before that you feel like the biggest moron in the world for getting stuck on the second level, while the blocks stare at you from behind the screen, almost mocking you. In the end I feel clever to figure out a level, but I feel like the guy who made the game must have been even more clever."
"Something for people to remember. The fiscal year taht the new consoles launched, the PS4 already generated half the sales that the 360 and PS3 (each - not combined) did for the entire year (Ubisoft goes from April to March for fiscal year) So that includes only the first 6 months. Since that time the PS4 has nearly tripled it's user base and the XB1 has done probably about doubled theirs. 

Couple that with sinking 360 sales and weak ps3 sales and dropping software sales for those systems, that the new systems are probably making more and it's not worth the effect of hiring an outside team to force a barely working game onto the last gen consoles (see Shadow of Morder)."
"Lol good luck to Sony with that. If it's anything like the piracy methods of the PS1 and 2, there will be hundreds to thousands of small businesses offering the service. Making an example out of a couple of them won't change anything."
"Kojima has done a lot of neat stuff with Mega64 and their huge fans of his work as well. I'm seriously hoping we get a ""fuck you Konami"" video out of them."
"Zelda games, even though I love them, often produce the *worst* examples of this. Especially in more recent games, puzzles are often just ""Use that tool when you see the things that tool interacts with"".

However, phantom hourglass had [Spoiler](#s ""the infamous map stamping puzzle"") which really did make me feel like a clever little monkey once it clicked. A rare opportunity for Zelda to involve some lateral thinking."
"Does anyone else think that Mario Maker isn't a ""big"" enough game for this year's Best Buy event? In years past we've had Smash, and then the choice of four including Mario Kart 8 and Wind Waker HD. Despite a participating Best Buy being close to me, I may not make the drive just because I don't want to deal with the people."
"It  only truly existing so they could classify the PS3 as a computer in the EU, lowering their import taxes. Same reason that there was linux for the PS2"
"Back when we were going from the Xbox -&gt; 360 and PS2 -&gt; PS3, the last gen equivalent games in multi-gen releases were fucking *terrible*. I would often rent an game, play ten minutes of it and say ""holy fucking shit this game is terrible why does everyone recommend it?"" then find out the next gen version was almost completely different.

It leaves a bad taste in peoples mouths.

Like the differences between Ghost Recon: Advanced Warfighter on Xbox versus the 360 version were unbelievable. Almost completely different games.

It also went in the opposite direction too, like the Original Xbox version of Double Agent was better than the 360 version (outside of graphics). Spy vs. Spy and more Chaos Theory like gameplay made it more popular at the time (IIRC)."
Yeah i did it a long time ago. I was hoping to see a good video with hatred. But again they screw up.
"That's been resolved for awhile now and their entire stock situation is still abysmal with most stores receiving rare Amiibo quantities that are in the single digits even in ideal shipping situations.

Hope you didn't want any Amiibos from Fire Emblem because pre-orders sell out in seconds and retail stores only get 2-3 on average for their entire shipment."
"Have you played Mortal Combat X, GTA V, Postal 2? Brutally killing people while they scream is fairly old."
"There's a lot they haven't mentioned about the game but everyone has secretly wanted a mario editor for a long time, and this is a great sequel to Mario Paint which I'm hoping they throw in some throwbacks in there."
"I actually disagree. Mario maker could be huge, and a console seller. It could pull in a lot of the older crowd as well as the young. Mom and pop and by god even grandparents these days are gonna love playing the retro levels."
"I'd say the Wii era, while not ""serious"" per se, was kind of a sterile era from a marketing perspective, aside from the early and pleasantly goofy ""Wii would like to play"" campaign. "
Nice shout out to the older gamers with the hands on the power pad. It was so much more efficient than jogging in place!
"Want people to buy games? Then charge them a reasonable amount. Hell, nuveem does just that for them. I don't see companies getting pissed about it."
"Whhhaaaaaaa? Reggie goes into hardcore training montage mode to compete in Nintendo World Championships but doesn't [break out this bad boy?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ya0F83Bmbl4)

The power glove box even makes a ""**beeewwwwoooooow wow wow wooooow**"" noise when you open it in real life!"
"On the other hand, it's a game that would be better for people to get their hands on and play rather than see screens/videos of. ""Mario Maker? What's that? How does it work?"" And it may build hype for what is (so far) one of their more low key titles for 2015."
"I'm gonna tell you right now, Hatred is just GTA with violent, optional executions (even then I've burned innocent people to death in GTA so what does Hatred have on GTA?). That's it. It's Postal 2 with a top down perspective. Hatred isn't new, it's not unique and its far from the most gruesome thing I've ever seen. Hatred is marketing itself off the controversy, the devs WANT people to be horrified by it so it'll sell (old tactic). But at the end of the day it's going to be a GTA rampage in black and white and the devs will be laughing their way to the bank.


&gt; Postal I'm too young to have played then when it came out (I'm 20).

You should check it out, it's on steam and the devs just released a major expansion for it."
"The 2000s absolutely. They didnt want people competing with super smash brothers a few years ago, they almost shut down locally sourced tournaments. Now they are fully embracing it."
"can't say i'm sorry to hear that, last gen is holding current and pc back. Destiny could've been so much closer to an mmo if it wasn't for last gen."
On PS3 at least some new games came with Firmware installers on them that needed to be installed before the game could be played.
"Did Mega64 make this? Definitely feels like their style! Seriously though, this video was great. I love how Nintendo uses Reggie to his full potential."
"I think Square Enix just shot themselves in the foot to be honest. Nintendo's had that time slot for years, and I think it's safe to say that more attention's going to be on Nintendo's event rather than Square Enix's. If Square Enix is going to spend a whole load of money on a conference, it would probably be better to do it at a time where it's got all the attention."
"They also removed the ability to nonlethally knock people out. In 4 you could keep your enemies alive and squirming. In 5, fistfights end in murder every time."
"Yes GOG Galaxy has Multiplayer as a part of it. 

No, GOG Galaxy is not going to magically have multiplayer for games on GOG except when those games are specifically built for the Galaxy matchmaking, which are only a handful for now. "
"I think this year very few AAA game were or will be released for PS3 and Xbox 360, so this shouldn't be that surprising. MGSV and Hardline are the only ones I can name atm. Last-gen versions of Max Max and Dying Light were cancelled, too.
"
He was making a joke that PS4 and XB1 are now previous gen hardware and are holding back gaming graphics.
"I can't wait for the backlash on the destiny forums when they go full next gen. If it isn't for the next game, I won't even consider it tbh.
"
"Read the above comment. Because of that issue, and scalpers taking what was available, it started a trend of gray market amiibo selling. Instead of people buying it for their games, people are buying Amiibos as a collector item and reselling double the price on Facebook groups and trading sites. This leads to people who are genuinely trying to buy amiibos to go through hoops just to get the one they want. "
"Off topic, but was the Nintendo skit with Reggie playing as Fils-A-Mech already a year old? I feel like it came out so recently... time fucking flies."
"This will be long!

For me, it's games with **inventive, non-standard puzzles that don't hold your hand too tightly** -- often difficult ones. Block-pushing and physics-based puzzles have been done to death by now, so I feel like the strategy to start working them out is largely engrained into players at this point. Even if the solution is a complex one, solving it can feel like running through the motions and so the mental ""payoff"" is reduced.

On the other hand, if a puzzle requires outside-the-box thinking then I get much more satisfaction out of ""cleverly"" solving it. And so **Fez**, **La-Mulana**, and **The Secret World** stick out in my mind.

----

**The Secret World's** investigation missions are puzzles that generally require using outside references (i.e. the internet) to follow leads and deduce where you need to go next. They can have a very Alternate Reality Game feel to them. You'll translate Romanian messages, research chemistry and genealogy to solve ciphers, kill yourself to talk to ghosts, etc... it's all extremely varied and the hints are vague enough that you have to figure out what you actually need to do and then piece it together yourself.

----

I think that **Fez's** puzzles were really inventive. The game's core ""rotating perspective"" feature made even ""standard"" block puzzles interesting, but many puzzles' solutions were simple input sequences of directions and rotations on your controller -- the fun part was all the different ways they had you figure out that sequence. Solving Tetromino notation, where you realize that this string of tetris-like shapes is actually input instructions, was really exciting.

I especially remember an empty room where your controller starts vibrating. When I realized that the vibrating pulses were coming in distinct patterns from the left and right motors in the Xbox 360 controller, I rotated to that pattern and solved the puzzle. I felt like a freaking genius because it was so ""different"" that I'd never had to do something like that before, and because I figured it out on my own without the game explicitly telling me something like ""those vibrations might be important, guy"". I went into an empty room, realized the odd behavior of the controller and its pattern, and solved it.

----

**La-Mulana's** puzzles are difficult in that they're extremely vague, and their clues are scattered throughout the world. They're not necessarily located anywhere near the puzzle they reference, so you sort of have to write everything down and think, ""this snippet of text from 3 hours ago might be for this puzzle I just found now!""  I think that it is a bit too far off-balance in that regard, but on the other hand when you do get it right the success feels great. Rather than testing your logic-solving skills, many of them test your observational skills instead. You pay attention to landmarks or even small details in the environment because so much of it is actually part of a puzzle.

For example, one stone tablet you come across says:

*""I was told to choose three women. They are waiting at the promised location. I couldn't do it. They yet still wait within the Moon-Gazing Pit. To the one who reads this now, please, pierce her heart in my stead. She who never lets her smile fade.""*

Then, in a completely different area of the ruins ([C-4 on this map](http://cloud-4.steamusercontent.com/ugc/886381786438486623/73A6EAB774BF6FDDEF8A7FEB247635D5B085CDBC/)) you might notice that there are three female statue heads and that the top one is smiling. That's the one you hit. So you have to remember that hint text from a long time ago and then relate it to something you come across later on. Again, it's vague (and this is one of the more straight-forward ones!), but it does make you feel smart if you pull it off."
"I believe its supposed to be a reference to Bill the guy who Reggie fired at the end of the video who is currently in Japan and is probably working with translating, the joke being that the kid is taking his place."
I got that. Bill has (and will probably again) sat in with the likes of Shigeru Miyamoto on the Tree House streams to translate. I was wondering if this kid will do some of the translations to continue the joke. 
"They still will bring Just Dance to 360 and PS3, don't worry people. Your GOTY is still coming to the consoles that matter. "
also that Reggie may have a terrible taste in video games or might just be a troll since he likes the Virtual Boy
"The people behind the technique are trying best to keep it to themselves, and they've even mentioned that they want to *patent* it so others can't legally copy it (which would actually give Sony the required information to sue them and patch the exploit). Unless they release everything on the internet or a ""leak"" happens soon, Sony might as well take them down for good."
[Fils-a-Mech video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghEhI4CJjAM) video from last year for those curious. 
If the video doesn't play for you because of adblock or ghostery you should be able to right-click to start it without disabling them.
"Even though Destiny was a grind-fest that lacked much story, nobody who played the game can deny the amazing gunplay that was present. That amazing gunplay could have benefited from 60FPS. Call of Duty understands this, even on the last generation of consoles."
"Hey don't forget Howard, the perfect straight man to Nester.  I was sad when he left the company, I still miss him and his bow ties."
"Yeah, I spent a fair bit of time at PS, and Xbox's pavilions, the Nintendo one was just hands down better.

The staff girls actually knew  the games and could/would play them with you, the area had more 'buzz' there was more hands on things going on.

Maybe it helps, that Nintendo is at it's best when played with friends locally (on the couch) and you just had a huge room of that going on everywhere."
"I totally felt the same as yahtzee in that this game would have been a smoother experience in one complete package.  Telltale does episodic gaming right, and life is strange fits the style nicely, but stuff like broken age and resident evil would really benefit from not splintering what would otherwise just be a normal cohesive game."
I think that's a result of people snatching them up as quick as they can hoping to resell them or because they expect them to be in short supply. It's a self-fulfilling prophecy.
"It happens because users break the subreddit rules by posting pointless and off-topic memes, puns and joke comments. The comments does absolutely nothing except derail the discussion and encourage users to post more of the same low effort content.

We've had rules against such comments since the creation of the subreddit, but there are still thousands of active users that does not seem to understand or care that there are rules in place.

Some examples from the removed comment chain above: 

* ""I just imagined a car trying to climb up a tower, perching on a ledge, and diving into a haystack.""
* ""I'd play an Assassin's Creed: Cars.""
* ""Requiescat In Hatchback""
* ""We are cars.""
* ""I hope that Mater the Tow Truck shows up in it.""
* ""Assassin Mentor Mater."""
"IMO, if Broken Age was taken out of context (ignoring the budget and the time it took to complete) it would stand up nicely as another wonderful Tim Schaefer game with a cute story, lovely visuals and a quarky sense of humor. 

But as a backer, I still can't help but feel a little bit cheated on waiting 3 years to receive a standard Point-And-Click adventure game that can be finished in a few hours.

I still had fun, despite it's problems. I would not call Broken Age a failure. However, I do feel like the game didn't live up to it's potential.

"
"Totally agree.

Although, I don't think the Telltale episodic model would work either if they waited 9 months between episodes like Broken Age did=)"
They could make more tho. Like. Now. Set up an online shop that keeps them all in print. They're just plastic. 
It could just be a teaser for a new trailer.  Companies do that sometimes. Would be awesome if it was a short film though.
"I share virtually all of the same gripes. Act 2 has to be one of the most disappointing games I've played in recent memory as a result, mainly because it just amounted to so little in the end. The story starts out as this ""birds desperately wanting to leave the nest"" kind of thing but the entire rest of the game, including Act 2, drops that as it becomes about a random third party manipulating events because they just do I guess. It has your cult leader strawman, the parents-who-care-yet-overly-coddle-you stereotype, and Wil Wheaton. None of that really amounted to a story that felt like it meant anything or was in the least bit clever as opposed to needlessly convoluted for the sake of Adventure Game Logic puzzles, which everyone *loves so much* (obvious sarcasm).

The puzzle he mentions where you have to wait was absolutely infuriating to me as well because the game is constantly giving you signals that you should *not* wait. Don't even get me started on some of the other terrible ""puzzles"" like the ending sequence where you had to do so many things in an arbitrarily specific order with *both* characters that I ended up having to do it again multiple times to fulfill the game's ridiculously specific desires lest I be punished. Also, did anyone else have trouble with the garbage chute in Vella's story? Mainly, figuring out how to actually get the cereal to hit the ground? That was just weird.

Simply put, the whole game is nothing more than an exercise in convoluted storytelling with convoluted puzzles. It gets a few laughs but I can get that from *nearly anywhere else besides Broken Age*. What does the game do that is special compared to other Adventure Games? What does it do that makes me feel like my investment in the game meant something? The ending feels unfinished and random (why the heck was I trying to crash the ships into each other anyway?), the story never goes anywhere, the puzzles are complicated for the sake of being complicated without actually being ""puzzles"" at all since so many of them require small-to-significant leaps in logic, and I just don't get the feeling that it ended up being something worth the effort.

In the end, Broken Age is certainly a great Humorous Dialogue Tree Simulator or whatever you want to call it. It's just not a very good game, and I'm saying this as someone who normally *loves* games with an over-reliance on story. The thing is, the gameplay (if you can call it that) gets in the way of the barely-existent story through tired adventure game cliches. Telltale showed us that point-and-click adventure games could be really something special when you take out most of the ""puzzles"" and rely on creative, straightforward dialogue choices alone in The Walking Dead. I just wish that Tim and his team realized this when developing Broken Age instead of returning us to the 90s."
"&gt;If it's allowed to stay, it'll get easy upvotes and then every comment thread will be nothing but jokes and no meaningful discussion.

Yes, this is sadly correct. Once in a while we manage to forget or miss removing some joke comments, it usually ends up with the joke comment getting hundreds (if not thousands) of upvotes and encourages even more people to post the same low quality content.

It's the same reason why subreddits like /r/news, /r/Worldsnews, /r/politics, /r/technology or other popular subreddits almost always have several off-topic joke comments at the top."
"In the realm of marketing and corporate relations, I would argue no one was more fun than Sony during the era of Kevin Butler."
"Imagine if a PS4 was $1,000 in the US. Piracy would be everywhere and I wouldn't blame a single person that did it. Electronics are ridiculously overpriced compared to other products in Brazil. Imagine if gas prices doubled but everything else stayed the same and everybody's wages stayed the same. You bet people would be doing some behind the scenes shit to get their gas cheaper."
"Anyone else catch that the melody of ""Virtual Tiger"" is the Wii Sports jingle?  Nice touch.

EDIT: [Wii Sports Theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5c4KOopwLs)"
"Clearly bringing back the Nintendo World Championships is their attempt at replicating the huge success that was the Smash Bros Invitational last year. 

Wonder what games will feature this time. Splatoon? Star Fox? "
"&gt;Tim and his team realized this when developing Broken Age instead of returning us to the 90s.

Umm, returning gamers to 90s adventure games was the whole point of his KS.  Caveat emptor."
"Lots of people are thrown off by the dialogue and assume it's really poorly written- but it's a lot due to the fact that people are just not familiar with teenagers who actually speak like the characters do. 

Also the ""indie"" soundtrack that's in it probably makes people assume it'll be the video game version of Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist or something if they want to jump to conclusions about it."
"Probably, but at the same time Nintendo hold an event for the press right after the stream where they get to play some of the games before doors open to others, which would probably be difficult to delay."
"I've played just about every Overwatch character in person at BlizzCon, **except Zenyatta**, and I've followed dev of the game very closely, and I have to admit I was a little bit lost on his abilities and had to look them up for a reminder.  He is a bit more complex than the other characters but I can see how this may seem a bit overwhelming to the casual observer.  Every other character seems to have a clear visual message for their abilities."
"the bit about making a bomb and fucking off was so true. I finished that part and was like, so that's it? We just leave?

Quite a letdown from the first part tbh, at least there it felt like the plot had the potential to be interesting"
"IDK if it's just me (I've seen quite a bit of negativity here about this game) but this looks absolutely amazing. Felt like I was watching a super hero movie at times when he looked up and got a shot of the aerial combat going on. 

Also I love that this game hasn't even started beta yet and it looks waaaaay more polished than like 90% of full releases these days. Dat Blizzard quality. "
"I'm saying... Okay, compare it to Shovel Knight for a minute. Shovel Knight had all of those Late 80s/Early 90s NES-era game influences readily apparent. The entire point of the project was to make something intentionally retro, on the same page as Broken Age. Both games take this idea of retro game design and applied modern sensibilities to it (Shovel Knight by doing things that would be technically impossible on an NES, Broken Age by having a touch UI and streamlined item management for example). Both games are in the same boat, but Shovel Knight doesn't outright clone older game design. It takes what worked back then and makes it better while ignoring the more unsightly parts of that era. Broken Age, on the other hand, just takes the whole thing and makes it look prettier without really questioning if *every single thing* that it was meant to build upon was worth it in the end. Heck, I'd actually say that many of Tim's older games are better than Broken Age solely because the stories feel more fleshed-out in the end compared to Broken Age which just ends abruptly without much closure. It's distinctly a clone of his older game styles while not improving upon them much in terms of game design."
"Could be a call back to the 1st story of Geralt, where he slept in the Striga's coffin and forced the daughter (Adda) of King Foltest to turn her back into a human."
"Sony will do it. They *did* sue a few people and companies during that era, but perhaps the most notable was when they sued the shit out of Geohot for his soft jailbreak of the PS3. They don't always take legal action, but if they do, you're probably fucked. "
"To be honest, I played both this and the book of unwritten tales 2 (I even bought the book of unwritten tales!) and the 2nd is clearly superior. There are enough hints to not feel unfair and the puzzles are good difficulty-wise. Broken age's are either extremely obvious or ""click things for an hour until something fits"".

Humour is good and I always appreciate a good hipster quip but *where the fuck was the story*. Where is the background to make you care?

I just...meh. I like old school adventure games but I would honestly suggest BOUT2 over BA any day."
"Yeah probably more than half the PC gaming market is tied up in WoW, Hearthstone, LoL, Minecraft and DotA2.  Most of which are PC exclusive, and none of them are pushing the envelope graphically for even last generation."
"This is a long shot, but wouldn't it be cool if they revealed a new first party game by making it the final contest like when they revealed Super Mario Bros 3 at the end of the competition in The Wizard?"
"Honestly, do they really need it? What's the difference between watching the live stream and watching a guy on stage do the same thing. Im sure all the Nintendo guys will be their for interviews and closed door meetings. Why the need to spend all that money on a venue and stage?"
"This one from Sony in response to the whole mess with used games not being playable on Xbox One was pretty funny

http://youtu.be/kWSIFh8ICaA"
"&gt; I thought that their presentation last year ""won E3"" but that's just me

I had little consideration to purchase a Wii U or a 3DS before E3 last year. If winning E3 means converting gamers who had never previously owned one of their consoles into purchases of not one but both their console and their handheld then they certainly won it for me too.

I haven't spent a bunch on games (got a lot of fitness oriented games, Mario Kart and Zelda on Wii U and Monster Hunter 4 and Zelda Majora's Mask on my Majora's Mask 3DS XL) yet but I know that I will. Have already put away a preorder for the Yoshi game next month and the three amiibos (my first) along with it - partner's mother runs her own knitting small business and those amiibos were just too cute to not buy.

Perhaps its just from my perspective but they seem to be hitting their niche of young or inexperienced gamers very well. Wooly World appears to be precisely what my partner needs to continue learning how to play (before me she had never played games) and she just loves Mario Kart and the Zelda games fascinate her from a cutesy/artistic/adventure perspective as well.

When you have videos and presentations like this and E3 it really does wonders for the gaming public's connection with their company and brand. That's a strong message considering Japan's culture isn't always so lighthearted and welcoming (at least in my experience). I've become a big fan."
"More gameplay, longer story, more world building, less plotholes. Etc etc.

Not that the potholes are a big deal since Psychonauts main villains plan was to take over the world using brain powered tanks created with help by an insane dentist with a pepper shaker for an arm. But still, the big reveal just seams really cobbled together. "
"The fact that they parodied [this video](https://youtu.be/G7RgN9ijwE4) had me cracking up. I love a company who doesn't take themselves seriously.

(I just wish they'd stop being such dicks to youtubers.)"
"&gt; I am tired of MMO Kickstarters. MMOs are the most difficult, most expensive types of games you can make, and every Kickstarter I've seen play out for MMOs has been a disappointment.

I can only think of one MMO Kickstarter that's even gotten far enough to be judged, disappointment or not. 

MMOs are hard, but they're also the genre in the most dire need of crowdfunding. Publishers have had an iron grip on MMOs for about 11 years now. Publishers can now and then throw enough money at a AAA shooter to shit out a worthy game, but as you say, MMOs are hard. 

MMOs need to be meticulously designed by people who know what they're doing (aka, devs from the MUD days). But publishers instead take over and force people to make WoW clones. I could write an essay on why WoW clones don't work. Well after 10 years of high profile MMO failures, finally publishers are pulling out of the genre. 

Which means we NEED crowd funding to take the genre back, as MMOs are seen as riskier than ever, despite the fact that most of the failures can be attributed to taking no risks in design. 

TLDR: COPYING WOW DOESN'T WORK. WE NEED INDIE DEVS MORE THAN OTHER GENRES"
"Jeez, I thought everyone was excited for this. I know I am. I'll have a field day with it once I get into the beta."
"&gt; Don't even get me started on some of the other terrible ""puzzles""

I just pulled up a walkthrough after I solved that puzzle about getting a stick to beat up the ex-guardians (completely by accident) and realized the amount of bullshit I could expect from future puzzles.   
I can't even begin to fathom how people were able to solve the final puzzle on their own without going crazy, given how counter-intuitive and pedantic it is; even with a walkthrough it was very annoying."
Agreed.  Wario Land was fantastic.  Teleroboxer is still my favorite boxing game of all time.  Those controls were awesome!
"Considering they worked with Mega64 last year and the singing sounds like Rocco I'm pretty sure this is another video from them, in which case the Virtual Boy is intentional."
"&gt; What's the difference between watching the live stream and watching a guy on stage do the same thing

I don't know about you, but my love for E3 is 50% the game announcements and 50% the awful moments like [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRctny31UxQ)."
"I was hoping for a Nintendo parody of Awesome-o when they asked the kid what they should make next.

""Um..uh...how about Mario falls in love with a girl, but it turns out that she's a golden retriever."""
"We're still getting games that use DX9 by default and nothing more.

DX11 is just barely becoming a recognizable option in games, and it's 2015. DX12 is around the corner."
"I still cannot believe that they took 1 year and they didn't make any new scenario and barely any new character. Really, the second part  feels like a mockery to the backers."
"Same feeling here. After finishing Broken Age Act 2, I thought I didn't like adventure games anymore. Then I played another one and realised I still did."
"Teenagers say it on the West Coast. The dialogue isn't always delivered 100% well but I wouldn't call it ""artificial"". "
"[**@Mega64**](https://twitter.com/Mega64/)

&gt; [2015-05-13 17:31 UTC](https://twitter.com/Mega64/status/598541079676194816)

&gt; Your observations are correct- Mega64 did help Nintendo make this year's Nintendo E3 2015 video! https://youtu.be/zbvzyY1FKr0

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)
"
"Someone mentioned elsewhere that it's more like a Bruxa and not a Striga, so probably not Adda. Strigas are beastly and on all fours. Bruxas all wraithy-vampire-fucked-up."
"Destiny wouldn't have been 60fps even if it was next-gen exclusive. Bungie has their head so far up their ass about their 'cinematic visuals' that they cut local co-op, an actual useful feature. No way they would have compromised for 60fps."
It just goes to show that money doesn't mean the game will be any good. I love modern adventure games but I just could not stand this game. Too much wasted star power on voice overs that I didn't even notice and very little character development.
Ok so... when do I get to play this?  I hate when Blizzard does the thing where beta lasts eight years and content flies out like it's being fired from a gatling gun.  It looks so good already I can't imagine there's a great deal to do... They should just let me test it out to be sure... I'd totally stream it too if I could.
"We're confirming that we began preparations for full-length feature film ""The Witcher"", for which responsible will be Tomek Baginski and Platige Image crew. Script will be made on the basis of Andrzej Sapkowski's prose. Project is currently in the development phase."
"It was much longer than 9 months; it was well over a year. The first act was released in January 2014, and the second act was released in April 2015. That's 15 MONTHS of waiting. It got to the point where many people thought it would never be released, especially with the SpaceBase DF-9 incident."
Yup!  I'm very excited about the game but that excitement is a little dampened by comments Blizzard has made regarding the lack of an FOV slider on the options menu (not hidden in config files or something).
"Yeeesss! This is the best one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UH_Zc2EXpN4

I remember seeing this live and laughing my ass off."
"I'd argue that was more for the console's nature as the 'active' games console than it was for the sterile Apple style marketing.

All those retirement homes and Oprah appearances you know."
"Personally I am still subscribed to them even when I don't like some of their stuff. I have to say this video definitely viewed the game from a different angle than the standard ""lol its too violent"" - so I got something out of this video, even that I quite strongly (edited) DISagree with their interpretation.
"
I kind of got the impression that it was the point of the video. That's where the humor is in my opinion. It gave me a bit of a laugh and I thought they did a crazy good job with the digital event last year. 
I remember having more fun playing with the power glove as a hand mounted super blaster glove than a game peripheral. 
Could you imagine how much the marketing guys eyes lit up when they saw that microsoft e3 presentation
"Oh man, a live action version of A Grain of Truth would be amazing. I really liked Nivellen. I hope we meet him again in Wild Hunt."
Or in the PSone Era when Crash Bandicoot would insult Nintendo with a megaphone outside their building. 
"You literally have no idea what you are talking about in regards to Starcraft 2. 

It is without doubt the hardest to balance E-sport on the market right now, but is also balanced very evenly.

http://aligulac.com/misc/balance/

Blizzard have kept up to date with the game and community for the most part of the 5 years since release. Having Beta's for both Hots and LotV to ensure their competitive viability on release. Carefully considering the strengths of the three individual races.

Blizzard may have been disappointing in regards to WoW and Diablo PvP, but Starcraft 2 has been an exceptionally balanced title for the past 4 years and a E-sport success. 

"
"The first 5 minutes of the video are 'sadism = bad' and then the last one and a half minute is their actual opinion on how it is ok to make games about controversial subjects, but the hype through controversy and the sales through controversy, which are actually what the developers are banking on, are what is wrong with Hatred.

This is the first time I disliked an Extra Credits video and that 5+1½ minute format helps me explain exactly why. Let me make condemning statements about the first 5 minutes of this video Making condemning statements about a game that isn't out yet:

&gt; The game isn't even out yet, since when is EC a preview channel? This isn't the channel's usual content with well analysed source material or a look at the innards of the game industry or any of the other things where the experience of the Extra Credits team is shared in a meaningful way. 
Why is this video on this channel? There is absolutely no way it could be constructive and helpful to anyone because all you did was look up the word sadism in the dictionary. Looking something up in the dictionary and reading the definition in a youtube video is *not youtube content that would be desired by anyone*. And *I think most of us will agree* that youtube videos of dictionary definitions are detrimental to the medium as a whole and people should stay away from them and avoid making them.

See what I did there?

I made a statement about a small part of the basis of a video that I had not even finished watching and invented and argument to support that statement based on this narrow view of what the video is actually about and only half the picture of the message it is supposed to convey. I completely removed any and all added value that might have been tacked onto that small part of the basis, because I was unaware of it due to not watching the last minute of the video. I also made it sound more universal by using phrases like *not desired by anyone* and *I think most of us will agree* which where constructs used in the first 5 minutes to enforce the point that sadism is bad. Which is a fallacy haven't seen EC use in any other video they've made, but they did here.

This is both the fault of choosing to discuss an unreleased game, where frequent use of the word 'seems' and 'will' occurs, rather than discussing a released game like say Postal or Postal 2 and equating that experience to what you expect of Hatred and why that would be bad. And the format of the video where there is a sudden extra topic near the end is also not a good choice, if only for clarity's sake.

Heck, I actually agree that sadism is bad, and attempting to market it as something cool is not a good thing. And Hatred will most likely be bad for that reason. But video games featuring sadists are not a bad thing by their definition, be they villains, allies or players, sadists have a motivation and their actions impact the world and so long as you don't try to classify this impact as 'cool' but show it for what it actually is you end up with a game that... has a story that at least caries meaning in some form or another."
"Read the article. They both cloned the hard drive and the BIOS memory so to the software, the two PS4s appear identical."
"I don't know what you talking about regarding Sc2, the game has almost perfect 50% balance between all three races and probably the most polished RTS out there. 

Just because you dislike the gameplay, you cannot say its unbalanced or a joke, see 
http://aligulac.com/misc/balance/"
"Yeah, that was the case back when sony was selling the PS3s at a huge loss.  My university also has a collection of them in a storage room from back when they did the same thing.  Nowadays though there's cheaper methods.  "
"i'm pretty sure it does since x86 is a very well established standard, the CPU is x86 that's the point."
"I think that you're right to a point. Resellers are a problem and are almost certainly causing issues when it comes to pre-orders. But shipping 3 Lucina Amiibos to Best Buy for launch day? That's all Nintendo.

The kicker is that for the most part there's no problems with Amiibos in other regions. Europe and Japan both have plentiful stocks, it's just Nintendo of America that can't get their shit together."
"I hated that there were a lot of puzzles that had logical ways to go about them, but instead we got idiotic adventure-game-logic (looking at you, superconductor puzzle). The additional lack of any sort of hint system certainly didn't help matters."
Great video.  I enjoyed watching you fuck around with the guards as much as the actual content of your discussion.  ^(Shame we don't have discussions like this on hl2.net anymore)
"Yeah, the tranq gun has always been ridiculous.  Laser accurate, completely silent, and best of all, tranq'd enemies don't trigger alerts.

I've played through 2 and 3 with a ""no tranq"" rule, and it's a lot of fun.  More how the game was meant to be played I think.  I reckon I'll do this again for my first MGSV playthrough."
"&gt; Too much wasted star power on voice overs

As apparently has to be brought up every time this game gets rought up, the voice actors were largely paid union scale, ie, the actor's equivalent of minimum wage. It had a remarkably small voice acting budget, and if anything getting someone like Elijah Wood to star in the game actually *saved* them money, as an equally talented but lesser-known voice actor wouldn't have been willing to work at a reduced rate just to be involved in the game."
"This game is one of my favorite Digital games of the past generation. It's graphics are awesome, the gameplay is cool as it's essentially a modernised version of River city Ransom, the music is **beyond** great and might be one of my favourite video game soundtracks of all time. 

I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a good throwback to the 16-bit era or just a great brawler in generall.

While it's been delisted, the codes from [GameStop] (http://www.gamestop.com/ps3/games/scott-pilgrim-vs-the-world-ultimate-edition/108758#media) still work (on PS3, at least).

Edit: Additionally, I would Totally be up for a rerelease on PC by Tribute Games (founded by people who worked on the game)."
Mgs v will have degrading suppressor and extremely short projectile drop. I feel like they're trying to address the common complaints about it. 
"Sometimes I would just sit after clearing a screen and listen to the music. Some of the best game music in the past decade, at least. Even though they are simple, to do a beat 'em up right takes a lot of working on the little things, like animations and weapons. 

Also, a lot of these retro games coming out nowadays have the visuals of the 16-bit era, but they feel too modern most of the time. I think Scott Pilgrim pulled this off perfectly, and it felt entirely like it could have been released 20 years ago. "
"DX9 is still so popular because of the 360, but now that the xbox one will be using DX12, developers will most likely be jumping on that."
"I would love to see some statistic of how many consoles sold were under these circumstances. My parents bought one for Wii Fit and never plugged it in. I know so many older couples that did the same and either played with it a few times or not at all. Definitely sold more as a fad than a console, evidenced by how much lower its software sales were compared to PS3 and 360. "
"Still, its weird to see one part of Nintendo ""gets"" Youtube and the digital age and the other part of Nintendo goes full on greedy mode and overcharge content creators for using their IP..."
"I have never laughed so hard about something in my life.

I think it's great how Nintendo has become more loose, and isn't afraid to make a joke about themselves. The way the Virtual Boy was a piece of shit, the running with using the hands. Reggie is the best president of any company."
"Agreed. Destiny's problems were the result of hubris, not last-gen hardware.

""Hey guys, let's make an MMORPG, but let's call it a *shared-world shooter* so we can pretend we're doing something new, and then let's remove any possibility for socialization in-game. Oh, and let's not include the decent content for filthy PUGers who can't find a dedicated group. What is this, a console game?"""
"I loved this video. Reggie being goofy is the best. This is why Nintendo always has a soft spot in my heart. 

I'm excited for whatever they have planned. "
"My main gripe with this is the amount of visual/aural clutter. The viewmodels are really pretty, especially Zenyatta's, but there's just too much unnecessary stuff going on. Lots of animations, lots of chatter between yours and other characters, lots of pretty visual effects and notifications popping up at different areas on your screen, and this level in particular is pretty dark and doesn't contrast against the character models very well, so throughout this video I was just scratching my head wondering what the hell was even happening. Visual clarity is hugely hugely important in an FPS. With this and the concerns everyone else has been raising over the FOV this is a really pretty looking game with a lot of neat gameplay mechanics that I'm not particularly eager to actually *play*."
"Eh, we'll see.  At this stage it looks like I can just hop on the chopper back to Mother Base whenever I want a fresh suppressor.  That's until my R&amp;D team develop a better one so I don't need to bother as often.  I do remember the first couple of Mk22 levels in PW had really brittle suppressors, but it wasn't much of a problem with the length of the missions in that game.  Bullet drop isn't a big deal because enemies don't alert when they're shot with a tranq, even if it doesn't knock them out.  I don't have to be particularly accurate, so long as I can hit them once I can just wait until they pass out.

I do agree that they're taking steps to make it more fair, and I suspect it won't be anywhere near as powerful in this game as those before.

Oh hang on, I forgot something.  I'll have to use the tranq gun no matter how OP it is.  How else will I capture animals to bring back to my Mother Base zoo!?!"
"I feel like at the top of the company, people like Miyamoto and Iwata truly are dedicated to fun.

The people above them, however, are not. Some of their shareholders are even displeased about the fact that they're in the video game business."
"I think its just saying this will be the first time a major AC game wont be on the PS3/Xbox 360, not that they released a game every year."
"Well they can always give a Power Glove Mk. II to the winner.

&gt;RD: hey boss, what was it you're asking us to do?

&gt;Reggie: I need a new power glove model for the Wii U made until E3 to give to the Nintendo Championship winners

&gt;RD: The power glove? Wasn't that thing a fa- Wait, when's E3?

&gt;Reggie: 32 days. Bye."
"I'm probably going against the grain but I like the way things are. I enjoy a little bit of hand-holding when it comes to open-world games.

I had to stop playing Divinity because of how vague the game was. There were little to no directions (except for NPC talks), the journal was confusing... It was too overwhelming for me."
"Exactly why half the community enjoys self-imposed challenges. Head over to /r/metalgearsolid - look at the playthroughs people do on GZ like 'Only move by rolling in prone'. 

I would argue that MGS is partly as great as it is solely *because* you can make it as hard or as easy as you want without relying on HP sliders or any other artificial bullshit."
"Wow, I think you're right.  I feel dumb now.  This is how I read it:

&gt;It also means that this year will be the first **[year]** that a major Assassin's Creed game has not launched on PS3 and Xbox 360 since the series began.

This is what the author meant:

&gt;It also means that this year will be the first **[time]** that a major Assassin's Creed game has not launched on PS3 and Xbox 360 since the series began.

In both cases, he's wrong.  Because Unity didn't launch on the 360/PS3 either."
"I'm really surprised it wasn't released for the PC.  Would love a release of the complete edition.

Plus the soundtrack is awesome."
"I always hated that defense of his. He can go on the and on about how they're not reviews and he's not a journalist, but he can't say that then turn around and act like an authority on gaming and gamers just because he has a large number of viewers. "
"current gen will never compare to PC, but they are miles ahead of last gen.  When eSRAM is used properly, it's been pretty clear that xbox one produce a stunning game, as we saw with Halo 5 and Forza 5.  But yeah, hopefully with DX12 the APIs are easier to use and developers start actually using them for cross platform games."
Except that it is. A lot of things were cut because of parity. They can't even make the vault as big as it should be in a loot based game because of old gen constraints. 
"Still not running at anything they sponsor, because that way they can stick their fingers in their ears and go 'la la la, we know of no such thing' rather than unleashing the lawyers."
"Best soundtrack of all time. I love Anamanaguchi. The game is incredibly fun as well, even if it's just a standard beat 'em up. "
"That's no different from any other rampage you do in an open world game

That's why i'm not too interested in buying it, it's every open world rampage ever done, without the missions, story and variety countless other games do have"
"And was it just me or was there really no ending? I mean, I know it ended because I saw credits roll but it felt like they drove a metaphorical car to the top of a ramp, pulled the E-Brake and then said the ride's over without going off the jump.

The conclusion lacked conclusion if you ask me."
"There's one thing which I don't mind but I also don't mind seeing done differently. What I like is when something in the world plays out naturally. Say, for example, a thief is stealing someone's goods and they're struggling with the person they're taking them from; both are pulling on the item and they're both glowing figures with markers over them that stand out like a sore thumb. You could stand there and watch for hours until you press a button that starts up the quest; I feel that's the more... disconnected(?) way of doing things in how it makes the games really feel like a game and disconnects the player from a remotely believable world. If you were to cross them in a struggle and the thief steals the bag and starts to run most people's gamer instinct would tell them 'If I chase that guy maybe I'll get a reward'. There's no overabundance of obnoxious indicators to say 'Hey... Hey, player, you blind twat! Over here! Look at us! Hey! ... Heeey!' It's like a woman pushing herself really close to you and talking about how desperately she wants to get you in bed... right now... and that's the thing she wants to do super badly, a lot. It comes off as unnatural and strange. Not all games are guilty of that, and like I say it's not a deal breaker or anything, but I feel that for as many devs as there are who tell us they're making a 'living, breathing world' they sure do a lot to take you out of it."
"It is, at the end of the trailer is a very faint paragraph that says

&gt; After 3 long years The witcher: Wild Hunt is finally ready to go The reviews are already out, and the reception is amazing. We can't wait to hand our baby over to you.
It's a very important milestone for all of us here. We went from 50 people on the first Witcher to over 200 creating a massive open world of Wild Hunt.
It's a grand scale now, but the nuance and soul of the series are intact. We wouldn't have it any other way.
This one is for the fans who supported us all this time; Those who cheered for a different kind of fantasy
One that's dark, unsettling and personal. Here's something to sweeten these last days of waiting. Here's ""A night to remember"", a short, spoiler-free cinematic.
PS: In terms of scale, let us just say that the town of Novigrad in our game has over 2000 openable doors! Imagine the mass of load time it would generate in the Witcher 1 ;)

Should be interesting!"
"If they do, it won't be by his request or with his cooperation. Kojima probably signed a dozen different pieces of paper saying ""Don't talk shit about us or our lawyers will be very angry."""
"I think New Vegas did it just right, mostly because of the extensive reputation system.

Every time you complete a quest or interact with an NPC, it will affect your reputation with different factions. Depending on your choices throughout the world, the game will respond in different ways; you may be hailed as a hero, labeled a terrorist, or anything in between. 

As you progress the story, a multitude of quests might trigger depending on how the Mojave perceives you. You can even betray your allies to further your own goals, such as killing Kimball and Caesar before assaulting the dam.

More sandbox games should focus on such open-ended storytelling, as it fits the genre perfectly. "
"This definitely needs a PC release, as you can tell by the comments. I recently decided to look for it on Steam. I expect to spend $15 on it. Missed sell.

Off-topic: I'd like to see a 3D beat-em-up on PC too. Something similar to the [Die Hard Arcade games (Dynamite Deka)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bogmU4qXfyY)."
"6 changed my life, honestly. i never was too into japanese story telling until i got my uncle's hand me down snes and played an old FF3 cartridge. little did i know it was actually 6 haha.

shadow and interceptor are my heroes. "
"He was just an actor working for an ad agency hired by Sony. At some point the contract between Sony and the ad agency ended.

There was also a conflict of interest when the same actor was in a commercial for tires(?) and there was a Wii in the commercial."
"It wasn't scale (Map sizes, individuals per zone, etc.) that was the problem with Destiny.

Destiny had about 9 hours of content you were supposed to repeat weekly."
"Kind of. The problem being that they're causing a stupid amount of majors and twitch streams to drop the game in doing so. It's basically killing Project M without the PR disaster that would be an actual lawsuit. If they didn't want to strangle project M they really don't have to stop people from streaming it and holding tournaments at majors and commentators even saying the game by name, since they're on top here they can say ""la la I'm not listening"" no matter how close to them it gets.

Of course I'm of the opinion that they should hire the pmdt to make smash 5, but hey not everyone can be Valve.

Edit: Just a quick edit for clarification; the point is that nintendo IS trying to take out project M. They're just going for a subtle approach since they know a cease and desist would be PR suicide. They learned their lesson with the evo fiasco. It's not 'cool' of them to not pull a c&amp;d, it's something they can't reasonably do because the amount of backlash they would get for it wouldn't be worth it- so they went with the next best thing, essentially strong arming it out of the competitive scene by telling everyone to stop talking about it and stop holding tournaments. This isn't something they have to do, it's something they're doing because it's pretty easy for them since they were already going to hand out all those contracts and it whittles away some potential competition."
"I actually like vagueness, but I think games need to offer more direction inside the game world. I'm okay with hand holding as long as it's believable inside that game world. I like ""let me mark it on your map"" and give you detailed directions, then use your compass to navigate. Not the ""go see Lord Hamsworth"" and a magic marker appears on your compass, and a glowing trail to follow."
Actually the devs have said quite often that they wanted to do a lot more but werent able to fit a lot into the old consoles so they had to redesign a bunch of areas to work for both.
"I was just thinking of NV when I clicked this topic and you got it dead-on imo. NV presents the player with a big open world but endevours to make it that everything you can do somehow ties back in to the ""main"" quest in terms of rep and resources etc

I mean it's a game with a lot of bugs (and I'm not talking the ants) but it's a still one of the best examples of a story that doesnt force you to do anything, and still makes a player feel significant nd impactful without having to be the Ultimate Chosen one or whatever."
"Yeah Antichamber never made me feel smart or clever. I just managed to wander around long enough to stumble upon the room I needed to be in next. Before I played the game I thought it looked and sounded fantastic. Antichamber was one of the biggest gaming disappointments to me just because it never *actually* made me feel like I was solving tough puzzles or anything like that. I loved the abstract, minimal-guidance approach they went with... but it was just **too** abstract and **too** minimal, in my opinion. "
"I think this is much more a technical issue than a ""story-telling issue"". The more branches the story has, and thus the additional dialogue tree's, characters, cinematics, etc. that have to be built increases exponentially. 

Additionally, I view exploration as a part of open-world games. However, that doesn't mean I want to be hopelessly lost while trying to find the location I need to go to advance the story. Can you imagine how confusing FC4 would be if we didn't have markers for where key NPC's and locations were?

Honestly, I feel like what you are advocating for is more of a ""sand-box"" game. While sandbox games are generally ""open world"", that doesn't mean all ""open world"" games are sandboxes. I'm personally happy with how the ""open world"" genre is progressing, especially with Far Cry 4. I do think they are starting to over-saturate the market but I also think gamers are mostly complaining just to complain.
 "
"That's wrong. It is locked at vertical FoV of 60°.

This means horizontal FOV is going to be 75° (4:3), 85° (16:10), 92° (16:9) or 106° (21:9, if supported).

Some people might think that this is ok or at least acceptable because they heard that 90° is ""standard"". 90° is indeed a quasi ""standard"" for pc shooters, it was the default aspect ratio of **quake 3 for 4:3 screens!**

For widescreen aspect ratios when looked at from typical distances for PC monitors 90° is unacceptable and will cause nautia and motion sickness for people susceptible to these conditions. 

**The ""standard"" for 16:9 aspect ratios would be about 106°!** This means for games with fixed vertical FoV (which can be a legitimate design decision, see counter-strike global offensive), the setting would have to be **74°** not the **60°** that Overwatch is offering!"
Makes me think of the Bioshock series. Every single story section was like a piece in a museum waiting for the player to press a button before the models came to life
"The Tranq gun has always been incredibly overpowered. Maybe most notably is in MGS4, where I noticed that the MK2 had infinite range, perfect accuracy, guaranteed eventual knockout, and infinite suppressor. It's a shame, too, since that game has such an amazing variety of guns that all have neat little details to them but there's almost never a reason to use any of them. "
"I wanted to love the game.

Then I played the first part.  Then I was just hoping I would like it.  Then the second half was released.

And now I'm Yahtzee."
"Personally I'm ignoring it until confirmation that my region will have servers. D3 with 200 ping is tolerable, but an FPS not so much."
Mega64 also did a [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuWkvyeAu0E) with Hironobu Sakaguchi(creator of Final Fantasy) for the Game Developer's Choice Awards when he accepted the Lifetime Achievement Award. 
"Nah, it was definitely before that. The Gamecube was played very straight as a gaming console. They were intentionally trying to appear more grown up after they were thoroughly beat by the PS1. "
"The ""PRESS E"" and ""PRESS SHIFT"" indicators are really bad. They cover the characters and it's impossible to tell whoever it is if they are further than 10m.. "
"The problem with Morrowind is that the directions were extremely poor, and the low draw dinstance in the game and slow walking speed did not help either."
"God, so true. 

I always aimed for the ""no kills"" route, because its fun in a way, sure, but the game rewards you for not killing.

That's how its always been, I know. But outside of VR training, there's a majority of weapons I never once even equipped. "
"Smells like bullshit to me. Nothing there explained how being cross-platform inhibited 60fps, other than ""we decided to pile on the graphics on the next gen systems so we couldn't hit 60fps there, either."""
"Part 2 was just flatout awful. Both story and gameplay wise.

The puzzles are a complete crapshoot, with alot of them, especially towards the endgame, being about sheer brute force with barely any context or clues or logical leaps to move ahead. Seriously whoever came up with that knot puzzle is a fucking idiot and the wire puzzles are almost as bad. Yes lets choose between statements  on how to untie a knot which barely resemble what's actually shown on screen and if you get it wrong, lets make you walk back and forth 4 screens every time to reset it!

Storywise nothing makes sense at all. **SPOILERS FROM HERE ON OUT YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED**. For example Shays parents not being AI robots makes literally no sense at all. In the first act they're built up to be overprotective beings that don't understand they're not acting like good parents because they're AI, but in the second part they're revealed to be real? There's even a  picture of Shay with them, but apparently he doesn't remember them even though he wasn't that much younger than he was in the actual story? How is that even possible and how is it possible such over protective parents basically just interacted with him through screens for the majority of his life? It doesn't make any sense at all.

Then there's crap like the ending where for some reason both Shay and Vella want to blow up the ship? Both of them know this will work out somehow because...? Then after it happens the enemy just stops firing on them? They were firing the whole time and yet decided to stop?

That's just two examples of the nonsense in Part 2, nothing makes any sense at all and Shays half of the story basically has him walk around gathering parts and doing nothing at all. The only story development comes through Vella and even that's really shoddy at best.

To be honest with you after Act 1 I was expecting alot better than this, the second act just feels rushed and not thought out at all and it feels like the puzzles are just ways of getting you to waste time with arbitrary nonsense because they knew that as well and they needed a way to pad out the time."
"Good.  That's as it should be.  It's been almost 2 years since the PS4 and XBONE released, and I think it's about time developers stopped developing for last gen.  It's holding games back (For both PC, PS4 and XBONE), and that's not good for anybody.

This will also definitely be good for sony and microsoft, as people who were hoping to stick with their last gen consoles as long as possible will have to upgrade if they want to get the latest game."
"Some demos also showed off new behaviors like guards putting on helmets that can block the darts.

I remember they mentioned guards learn your methods, so seems like players that over-rely on the tranq will not only have the new limitations like suppressors and dart drop, but guards will become more or perhaps even entirely resistant."
"Extra Credits has really fallen. They're projecting what the game is about and why it does, and even accusing it's potential userbase of being unhinged people, heck they're even suggesting that some parts of humanity should be off limits and are completely without any merit in any context.

""we want games to grow"" Yeah no, you only want SOME games about SOME concepts to grow you high pitched hypocrite.

Done with EC.

"
"Blizzard polish is present as usual. Animations are great, and I bet it feels amazing when you're playing it. Unfortunately I really don't trust blizzards ability to make a fair f2p game (though it's not yet confirmed if this will be f2p at all.) "
"I went back and double checked cause I thought the same, but it actually says PLAY of the Game. After watching the clip again, I agree. 

I can see why they chose that option, so even if you arent the best scoreboard wise, you can still do something to give you some recognition. "
"That walking back and forth with the knot thing pissed me off too....
  
Then I discovered that if you click the other option after failing, he does it automatically.  He'll just go get another one and bring it back in a quick fade-to-black.  I discovered this after going back and forth 4-5 times...And that was after playing with the knot for a good hour and making charts with pictures because I assumed there was some sort of pattern to undo'ing it, before realizing that my choices were just turning it into other random knots.  
  
I think that's the point where I got tired of the game's ""gameplay"" and immediately used a guide for the rest of the game just to knock it out as quickly as possible.  
  
And as for the story problems you had, I agree 100%.  Like yahtzee said, it doesn't feel like they had any sort of real story planned out and just kind of made up act 2 after the fact.  "
RIP context-free punch button.  I spent more time than I care to admit beating up Markhors and knife fighting gavials in MGS3.  If I can't get all remember the basics of CQC on bears and shit I'll be a little disappointed.
"Because everything there is overpriced. Basically no one agrees that gaming prices there are actually fair.

And it is in the culture. Pirated games were a thing since SNES. People are selling pirated movies, music, games and anything on street, anywhere. 

Finally, people aren't looking at developers and say ""oh man, they put a lot of effort in this stuff, we should actually give the money that they deserve"". The see it as a bunch of rich corporations living in a good life in their first world countries. "
[Another Winter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wqv5wxKDSIo) might just be my favorite track from any game ever.
I actually forgot about New Vegas. Obsidian did a pretty good job with that game. If only the devs were given more time with it... and didn't get shafted on their bonuses.
"Well that was 5 years ago, I would imagine if that game came out today, that there would be PC version.  I can't think of many Ubisoft games that don't wind up coming to PC these days.  In fact, looking [at this list sorted by date](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Ubisoft_games), it would appear *most* of their games are PC games.  There's a bunch of PC exclusive games and then most of the console games also get PC releases.  I'm not sure where you're getting the idea that they hate PC Gaming, or whatever.  I can't imagine that's true.  What they like is money and they will generally follow it."
"I'm still not entirely sure if Black Flag should count as an Assassin's Creed game. The story had almost nothing to do with assassins, as Edward only becomes an assassin at the very end and only meets the assassins about halfway through. The gameplay is also completely different because of the focus on naval combat and no real large cities existed - the cities were even smaller than the ones in AC3 which were already tiny in comparison to previous titles. Sure he wore robes and the little melee combat that existed was similar to its predecessors, but thats where the similarities end for me with black flag. To compare it to other games that were a completely different style like AC2 or Brotherhood doesn't really work well imo. 

Black Flag and Rogue are in their own separate little ballpark which is why there isnt a clear concensus on whether black flag or AC2/Brotherhood is better, whereas for every other game its pretty unanimous with both AC2 and Brotherhood being better than one, Revelations, three, and maybe Unity. Juries still out on Unity since most of the complaints are about technical issues."
They even went all out and apparently had changed Bill Trinen's wikipedia article. Even Google had the [cached version](http://i.imgur.com/OO8VmbR.png) in its search. Although it seems to have been rectified now.
"KH3 is being made, and this is a free game on a platform everybody has to hold us over until it's done. I don't see much of a problem with this.

Plus it looks fun."
"I've heard devs talk about some problems caused by hardware restraints, like splitting up the zones with buildings or limiting the vault space, but that doesn't change the fact that Destiny is fundamentally flawed in its design, not just in the scale of its content.

I don't care if they make the zones larger or increase the amount of items I can carry in the next game if still plays out like the first. There not only needs to be *more* content, there needs to be *good* content. Old consoles don't prevent developers from delivering the latter."
"I remember when the first mobile Kingdom Hearts game released and it would only run on ""powerful Japanese phones."""
"My biggest issue with the voice cast was that they seemed to have no room to act.  Elijah Wood sounded medicated,  Wil Wheaton could have been half asleep, and Jack Black seemed bored and disinterested. 

 For such a big name cast, they were very underutilized IMO."
"Skyrim could have been so much better with a system like that. I do really enjoy the game, but it's pretty dumb still hearing condescending comments from all the guards I walk by when *I've killed like fifty dragons and single-handedly won a civil war*."
"It's the Western release of the browser game Kingdom Hearts X[Chi]. Which I think you can actually play now, but it's all in Japanese. I've heard a lot of positive talk about that version, so I think it's okay to be a little hyped about it. It's no Kingdom Hearts III, but it's also not slowing down the release of the main entry at all, so I dig. "
"Vanilla WoW had a lot more content than day-1 Destiny did.  I'd say 60 to 70 hours of it, compared to Destiny's 10.  There was a lot more replay value to it also.  The two factions told significantly different stories, each class had its own unique play style, there was oodles of end game content, much larger environments to play in, etc. etc. etc.

And expansions?  Yeah, a WoW expansion had about 20 hours of content per faction.  Then a dozen or so more with ""free"" (You are paying $12/month or so) follow up content.  Destiny?  You could blow through the Dark Below in an evening.

Finally, Destiny may have gotten rid of the tank/healer/DPS triumvirate, but I would strongly argue it was not for the best.  The variation in classes for Destiny is pretty much a joke.  Destiny was a spectacular disappointment.  There are free-to-play games on the PC that kick the crap out of Destiny.  Hell, [they're on PS4 also!](https://warframe.com/)"
"I would love to see a new Pirate IP come out of Black Flag on New-Gen, but I think that Black Flag itself fits perfectly in the Assassin's Creed series. Less Assassin-y stuff for sure, but the story of a greedy and wroth man who lost everything and eventually found a cause worth fighting for was pretty powerful.

Every assassin (except for those born into it) go on a journey that leads them to the brotherhood. Edward's was just longer. 

I hope in the future that Ubisoft stays away from playing characters that are joining the creed, as it's becoming kind of old. We have Ezio, Connor, Edward, and Arno. I'd love to get seasoned, veteran members. Of all those ""origin"" stories though, I think Edward's was by far the best and most realistic in terms of the kind of journey someone would have to go through to decide to fight for an ideology like that."
"My biggest question when it comes to Act 2: What took a year and a half? 80-90% of the game takes place in the same few areas that Act 1 did. There are a few new screens, and some of the old screens have a different look, but it's mostly the same. And there are only a couple of new characters. It feels like this is something they should have been able to knock out in six months at most.

This game was so disappointing. It has excellent art, and there are some genuinely funny moments in the dialogue; I laughed a few times when playing. But other than that, there's nothing to recommend it. There are too many puzzles that have no logic or internal consistency, and this is made even more annoying by the fact that some of them reset your progress and require you to backtrack if you fail. And the story is a jumbled mess that makes no sense at all, requiring far too many logical leaps and too much suspension of disbelief to work.

I said it in the last Broken Age thread and I'll say it again here: If you want to play a good, old-style point-and-click adventure game, pick up Machinarium instead. Much better game than Broken Age, and cheaper too."
"That really reflects poorly on the current gen more than anything else, if you ask me.  Secondly, if your defense of the quality of the game are sales numbers, that's... Not the best defense.

The ""doomsayers"" aren't calling for any sort of doom.  Indisputably, Destiny was a financial success.  But it's easy to argue that it can be attributed in parts to great marketing, a captivated audience (Slim pickings on the XBox One / PS4), and solid gameplay, but still *critically* merely mediocre due to disappointing, shamefully thin content and being a very conservative, very ""safe"" product.

Edit: Actually, where'd you see that list that Destiny is in the top 5 of PS4 games being played?  Not that I dispute it, but thinking back to the past 6 months, what other games are on that list?  I can't really think of any with much staying power.  Some guesses?

1) Bloodborne, but that's still pretty new.  Also not on X1.  

2) CoD: AW, sure.  

3) Battlefield 4 / Hardline?  Err, maybe.

4) GTA V Remastered?  I guess, but is a remastered edition being one of your top games a sign of a healthy system?

5) FF14?  Maybe.  And beyond that, we're really dipping in to some dregs.  Fuck it, I'll say you gotta have a sports game on that list, so the Show 2015 for PS4 / FIFA for X1."
"A good mix is important. 

Killing the fugitive outlaw shouldn't have a quest marker above the outlaw's head but give these herbs to my sister shouldn't require you to break into every house. "
"As soon as he started talking I hoped it would reference this. I was just sat waiting for ""you could do anything?"", and then it happened! Seriously, this video was fantastic. Great job Nintendo."
Brotherhood is definitely the best. The online was fantastic before they added on the excessive layers and micro transactions that seem to bog down the more-recent entries.
"Resident Evil 4 was my game when it came to that kind of stuff.

Pistol only run, no upgrade run, no health run, full weapon run.  Pick a weapon and I probably ran through the game exclusively with that weapon.  With upgrades and without.  Put in well over 200 hours into the GC version alone.  And then re-bought it for PS2 and Wii."
"The NPC quest giver should known damn well where his/her sister lives. But yes investigation quests are  a great mechanic as well.
"
"[This article](http://www.seattletimes.com/business/putting-nintendo-back-in-the-game/) says:

'One way he keeps up is by talking several times a week to his three children from a previous marriage. The oldest attends Duke University, and the other two, 16 and 10, live with his ex-wife in Florida.' 

 It's an article from 9 years ago so the youngest would be 19 now - the kid in the video is like 13? or something - so I don't think it's his son. 

Judging from the Kid's accent I'd say he probably has a Japanese-speaking parent. "
"It's even more than that though. Guard dialogue is bad for sure, but the bigger issue is that nothing you do in game really affects anything else. Killing the emperor changes no quest lines, except for continuing the dark brotherhood. Winning the civil war does nothing to the world. The most anything you do changes the world is some dialogue from NPCs and even that is normally pretty bad. "
"&gt;Oddly enough the one game with the longer dev cycle is the best one.

It take longer to make assasins creed game than 1 year, different gropus of ppl make differents AC games at the same time. "
"Sure, but those were by separate developers. AC3 was developed by the team who made AC2, and they were working on it from the moment that AC2 shipped."
"It seems like most of them have giant viewmodels which obscures large portions of the screen. I'll definitely give the game a go when it comes out, but this and the narrow fov leaves me concerned."
"Hardware can restrict games mechanically as well. For example, you can't fire a pistol while holding a riot shield in battlefield because apparently the last gen consoles can't handle it."
"Just to comment on the ""Hints towards."" a bit more. [Two users over on /r/WildStar](http://www.reddit.com/r/WildStar/comments/35vm11/wildstar_coming_to_steam/cr88bbl) noticed that it states ""Free on Demand"" and ""Single Purchase""

Warframe is listed as ""Free on Demand"" so it could head towards F2P or B2P."
"Nintendo is, to my knowledge, the only console maker who revel in nostalgia as much as they rightfully should.

You aren't going to see footage from PS1 or PS2 games in any sony promotional materials, same goes for Xbox. 

Nintendo on the other hand, they really know their audience. Their incorporation of Donkey Kong Country into the vid really got me.

**EDIT:** /u/k3v1ng1994 posted a [quite sizeable list](http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/35ubj4/nintendo_get_ready_for_e3_2015/cr8wvz5) of similarly nostalgic videos from Sony. Never thought they were into that."
"That was the pretty brilliant thing about Fallout New Vegas.

In my view, a lot of open world games will focus on their main quest/missions line as being ''*The* Story'', whilst side quests or side missions are just a small bonus for gameplay value. In Fallout New Vegas, it wasn't more centered around the retrieval of the chip or the tensions in New Vegas, it was centered around *The Courier*, every action you did contributed to *the* story, and that meant that doing side quests and helping people was in itself important to the Story, being *your* story, or that of the Courier. Whilst other games seemed to try to simply reward me for finishing their little side activities, Fallout New Vegas made it look like an accomplishment, something to reflect on that will be forever retained in the world and impactful to at least *someone*."
"This is a lot truer than most would think.  I'm a data guy, you would not believe how often I get nothing but confused looks when I ask what time zone the date/times are in. "
Even the main quest ending does nothing. Compared to Oblivion which had this giant build up to defeating evil and then closing all the Oblivion gates. The  ending of Skyrim's main quest wasn't the payout it deserved.
"Honestly, I'm glad the whole thing happened.  People shit on Activision and Kotick for years over their comments about Tim Schafer and double fine, and now every backer got first-hand experience with how it feels giving them money to create a game.  "
"The main problem I have with brotherhood is you're an assassin that goes the whole game without assassinating anybody. Plus that was the point where combat got way too easy, it was at least semi challenging to take on 20 guys at once in the games before it but brotherhood was the game that added chain killing which I feel like has been terrible for the series since. "
"&gt; It's been almost 2 years since the PS4 and XBONE released

Holy shit, I swear the PS4 and Xbox One were just released like two months ago. I refuse to believe it's been almost *2 years*..."
"&gt;Can you restrict this policy to the top level of comments? Maybe top 3 levels? 

That would be very hard for us to effectively enforce (the moderator tools we have are extremely limited and also pretty shitty). If we allowed it then every single thread would eventually devolve into jokes, puns and memes anyway and overall comment quality would drop.

The subreddit was originally created to get away from such low effort type comments and submissions."
"Except the whole theme of GTA V's storyline is hipocrisy, all 3 main characters are just as bad as the antagonists, only reason we ""hate"" the antagonists is because they antagonize our main characters"
Or he's hopefully not a reactionary child and instead acts like mature adults do when they depart from their company.
"I think that speaks more to their development process and/or lack of resources in QA.  Even their console games can suffer some of the same issues, such as Unity when it came out or Watch Dogs.  

But they seem hit or miss, since the PC games that comes to mind that I've played recently is Far Cry 3/4, South Park (granted they came in late on this one), Trials, Valiant Hearts, Child of Light, and Rayman, all ran perfectly fine and seemed well optimized to me.  The disregard for modding is an industry problem, which EA, Activision, and many of the major players seem to be overlooking completely.  That doesn't get Ubisoft off the hook, but I think it speaks to a larger issue.

And yes, Uplay sucks and has no value whatsoever, no arguments there.  I'm not here to defend Ubisoft or anything, I can bring up plenty of grievances of my own.  I just think it's weird to say they ""hate the PC"" because that isn't really at all how a huge businesses works.  And since the topic was about how Scott Pilgrim didn't come to PC, and BW_Bird said he's not surprised because they dislike PC gaming, I assumed we were talking about how they don't bring their games to PC.  But, they definitely do."
I really hope it's buy to play. I could really go for some more multiplayer games where I'm not being pressured to drop more money in at every available moment. 
"It's good to see NCSoft hasn't just given up on this game like they've done with so many MMOs in the past.  The Wildstar devs have really done a lot to address complaints people have had with the game over the past year, but unfortunately the game has never been able to escape from under its rocky launch (which happens far, far too often with MMOs).  Given things like the housing system and the new pets, it does seem like the type of game that could do well as F2P, so hopefully being added to Steam and going either F2P or B2P is able to open the game up to a new audience."
"That game had so much hype for an MMO.. More than ESO, more than any other MMO that I knew of at that time...

Then the game released and holy *shit* were there a lot of bugs and performance issues.  I'm not even going to get into the late game balance issues the game suffered, but for me it was the technical issues that turned me off from the game unfortunately.  I wanted this to scratch my WoW itch so bad!"
"Because there's really very little chance of mistaken identity. Overwatch from blizzard is a game. Overwatch in relation to CS:GO is a subsystem designed to identify and regulate players. No one who doesn't play CS:GO knows or cares about its Overwatch. It's a subsystem, it really isn't **that** important. Valve probably doesn't care that Blizzard has a game coming out by the same name, and Blizzard doesn't care that CS:GO has a subsystem with the same name. There's no reason to get litigious over it. "
"I find it hard to be too sympathetic. I was in the beta a full year before launch and saw that carbine simply did not listen to feedback given during that time by me and many others. 

Not to say ""to little to late"", MMOs have recovered before (look at FFXIV, for example) but it baffles me why they are only now addressing problems

"
ESO is not a good metric for hype considered people basically panned it all the way from announcement.
I loved this game when I was younger. I went back to play it recently and was surprised at how goofy and simplistic the writing was. I don't know if it was the time it was released or simply the style it went for but at times it reads like it was written for very young children. The overall story and characters were great and still my favorites in a FF game but the writing felt incredibly dated at times.
"He didn't say wasted money, he said wasted *star power*. Which it absolutely was. 

Elijah Wood giving a bunch of deadpan, obvious observations. Jack Black having a whole 3 minutes worth of dialogue. Wil Wheaton being Wil Wheaton. 

They could have done so much with those guys doing voices, could have gone over the top, could have made references, let the stars do what they do best. They wasted it."
"&gt;  I was in the beta a full year before launch and saw that carbine simply did not listen to feedback given during that time by me and many others.

Odd, I was in the beta for about the same amount of time.  Game launched in June 2014 and I was in the beta since July 2013.  I had felt that the devs were listening very closely to player feedback up until 4-6 months before launch.  Twelve to six months before launch I felt that the devs actually listened to player feedback on most things and we saw significant changes because of it.  Then 4-6 months before launch it seemed they just stopped listening because someone at corporate said ""full steam ahead, we're launching in June."""
"If this is considered canon and a part of the official story, I'm going to punch a moogle. I hate playing games on my phone."
"Absolutely. Book of Unwritten Tales 2 *IS* what a modernization of an adventure game should be. It got [a whopping $171,000 on Kickstarter](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/kingartgames/the-book-of-unwritten-tales-2/), was made in half the time BA was, and the end product *destroys* Broken Age as an adventure game in my opinion. Better graphics, better dialogues, several times the amount of locations, better voice acting, better puzzles, better humor, better story, better period."
"Great game, tonnes of fun. Also the all-time winner for **Most Ill-Timed DLC Ever**, releasing the online multiplayer and Wallace DLC 31 months after launch. 

A question I really want answered though: ***how am I supposed to play this game in 10 years time?***"
"Which is actually kinda good. ESO is now growing and fostering ever since the barrage of negativity came its way. Lots of things have changed for the better.

Wildstar did the exact opposite, and have suffered for it."
"&gt;I don't like this thing EXISTING because it has no value, even as art in my opinion.

Have you and everyone else who doesn't like it thought about ignoring it? It's not forcing you to buy the game. No one forced EC to make this video. How hard can it be to ignore something that you feel has no value? 

&gt;This game exists because controversy will pay for this game several times over, and they know that. 

Yea, and people like you and EC are making that happen, congratulations."
"I think F2P or B2P would be a fantastic model for this game, but I know the majority of the playerbase will be kicking and screaming about how much they love their subscription-based ghost town. (To their credit, they love the game the way it is and that's perfectly valid... but perhaps not sustainable)"
"&gt;You could say that about binge drinking, just because its an outlet doesn't make it good.  

False equivalence, you cannot possible conflate self destructive behaviour that ruins millions of lives and playing a video game. From the rest of your post I assume you are being intentionally alarmist.

&gt;just because you can draw something from enacting sadism (like regret) doesn't make what you did, or the medium you did it in inherently good.  

And who decides what is good? What definition are you using for good here? Surely that is completely subjective, there are many, *many* games that I would consider to be 'not good' yet I certainly don't think that they shouldn't exist. What sort of person believes that their idea of good should determine what can and can't be made?

&gt;Yes, shitty 14 year old edge art. This isn't particularly good art in my opinion because it doesn't evoke anything with any nuance or even new emotion. Volience is bad. I don't like hurting people.   

So you are saying this is art but at the same time it isn't art. You claim yourself several times that this game makes you *feel* this way and *feel* that way, surely evoking such strong feelings in someone would be grounds to argue that this game is art.

&gt;game and then blindsiding me with the consequences of my actions.  

Why, why is it up to the developers to tell you how to feel? Not everything needs to be ham-fisted in, if you are playing the game and find yourself enjoying it and then in a moment of self realisation feel disgust with your actions then surely the game has succeed better than what Spec-ops set out to do. Where you are given zero choice and the game straight up tells you ""you are a bad person.""

Your last paragraph is awful. Nothing needs justification for existing, that is a complete non argument and you sound like a soccer mom buying into the sort of press that GTA and Postal receive. Nothing, I repeat nothing has any need to justify its existence. Certainly not in a medium created for entertainment purposes. Hotline miami did nothing new for the genre other than bitchin tunes.

I'm sorry this post is so long, I find your attitude despicable and your arguments fallacious, nothing gets hands moving like frustration.  "
That's it. People are quick to forget that Nintendo are ass-backwards when it comes to pretty much anything online.
"The Wildstar devs listened to the vocal minority who always pop up to slam wow for becoming too 'casual' and who lament the difficulty and epic raids. 

They made a game specifically for this outspoken group of people who always shout about how vanilla wow was the best. Wildstar got loads of great publicity before its launch, loads of people were loudly proclaiming it to be the next big thing..... And then hardly anyone bought it. And those who did complained that it was too hard and that the 20 man raids were too difficult. Go figure. "
"Wildstar was designed in some ways as the anti-wow. It was marketed towards vanilla raiders who hated the casual friendly game wow had become and became almost cliched with its ""too hardcore for the masses"" schtick. I remember one example when they revealed that they wouldn't have oceanic servers. People wondered how oceanic players would raid with 200 ping and the developer's response was, to paraphrase, ""we have no intention to water down our game to make it playable with oceanic ping"" 

Turns out that without nostalgia, month long attunement grinds, 8 hour raids and boss fights with literally no room for error don't bring in enough players to pay the bills. If anything, it reinforces the idea not to listen to the playerbase too much, because they don't know what they want either. "
3 is my personal favorite. I loved the story and setting. Probably one of my favorite time periods in history. 
"I've always thought that it would be fantastic if Hatred were a simple fetch quest that didn't actually require you to kill anyone to complete If you employed stealth, or something. All the hub-bub about the game would just be fantastic trolling on their part.

It would be like at the end of Saw III (IIRC) where the victims learned that everyone could have made it out alive, but they were all to panicked/scared/selfish to realize the traps were all designed like that."
"I think the big lesson with Wildstar is that people don't always want what they say they want.  There's that whole nostalgia thing where you look back at the fun times you had in early WoW and want that again, but then you realize that a lot of the changes were actually improvements to give you more to do and less downtime.

I used to see the same thing all the time with EverQuest.  People bemoaned the lack of corpse runs and non-instanced dungeons where you had to fight over mobs.  They wanted harder, more time consuming quests that don't hold your hand.  In all honesty, I loved EverQuest in the heyday and have tons of fond memories, but let's be honest, if an MMO released today that had all of those features, it'd be a *colossal* failure.  At the time, we just didn't know things could be done any differently and enjoyed what was an entirely new experience."
"Tranq has been nerfed in every subsequent MGS besides 4 since it was created.
    
* In 3, the suppressor degraded.  

* In Peace Walker, it was absurd. It was far less accurate, nearly useless outside of getting headshots, and soldiers would often wear helmets, negating the first headshot received.     
* In Ground Zeroes, the bullet drop was introduced. It's considered an achievement to headshot anyone beyond 30m.  
  
While The Phantom Pain doesn't have helmets confirmed, I think it's safe to assume considering the news that TPP feels like an open world Peace Walker. Helmets, combined with bullet drop, a degrading suppressor, ammo taking a resource from Mother Base that could be used to research better equipment, and whatever wacky shenanigans Kojima has planned, I think we could see the most balanced tranquilizer in the series."
"Postal 2, the game about brutal violence, can be completed without killing anybody. When played pacifistically, it's a story about a guy doing errands"
"&gt; Here's the thing, the fact that you call it art doesn't justify it being worth money or even existing for me and a lot of other people. I don't like this thing EXISTING because it has no value, even as art in my opinion. The idea that because something is ""art"" means it should be protected isn't something I agree with. This game doesn't add to the game genre, to the genre of ultraviolet like Hotline Miami does and it has no artistic vision behind it. This game exists because controversy will pay for this game several times over, and they know that. 

So the only ""Art"" worth protecting is art that you agree with?  
Take a step back and look at what it is you are arguing.  "
"That they were.

Its funny, New Vegas modded is actually more stable than Fallout 3 Modded.

Its more stable to play Fallout 3 with Tale of Two Wastelands (in NV) than it is to play the original game."
"Minimum specs for PC games are almost always attainable for a PC that costs around $400, and honestly a $400 PC isn't going to be a whole lot more powerful than an X1 or PS4. If consoles were to suddenly disappear, I doubt that developers would suddenly start targeting those $800+ builds.

Why do consoles get the blame for shitty ports? Why do consoles get the blame for ""holding back"" graphics? Shouldn't we be blaming the developer?

Consoles are a bigger market than PC gaming. I know some people will try to refute that, but you're wrong. It doesn't matter if steam has more users than X1 and PS4 combined, when half of those users are playing F2P games, and the other half don't want to pay $60 for new releases. If you're only willing to pay a $5 sale price for a AAA game 2 years after release, don't be surprised if developers aren't interesting in catering to your platform.

Would these graphically intensive AAA games even exist without consoles? I don't think they would. When it comes down to it, it's mostly AAA developers pushing the boundaries of graphics. Show me an indie game that looks anywhere near as good as Assassin's Creed Unity.

Even PC centric developers like Valve aren't interested in pushing the boundaries of graphics. TF2 and CS:GO are very playable on integrated graphics, but even on max graphics they aren't very impressive looking games.

I guess the moral of the story is, don't be upset when developers don't design their games around your $1000+ PC builds. You make up an insignificant percentage of the market."
"&gt;The game was great, but it was incredibly buggy, and still is to an extent.

The bugs were due to their development time getting cut, meanwhile Bethesda was supposed to provide testing resources while Obsidian actually made the content, especially considering how small Obsidian is comparatively.

Obsidian lost their bonus entirely because of Bethesda. If their time hadn't been cut and Bethesda had followed through on testing, the game would be no buggier than an Elder Scrolls game."
"MGS3 had the right idea: there was an ""EZ-Gun"" on easy difficulty that had those properties, but the other difficulty settings had only a normal tranq gun with a degrading silencer.  I don't think either one had projectile drop, though."
"Of course they will. However, steam proved that if you give them convenient games at an affordable price then people will buy them."
"This is the reality of it. They had no problem with PM in tournaments until Sm4sh came out, but now they want people buying and playing the new stuff."
"Yeah, definitely. The low field of view combined with the insane amount of particle effects/screen clutter and the constantly repeating one-liners made this pretty stressful to watch. It's Guild Wars 2 all over again."
"&gt; ""improvements"" such as the dungeon group finder

Sorry, but anyone who says that (hopefully) hasn't experienced searching for an hour for 3 people, flying from Dalaran to Nexus, wiping on first mob, seeing 2 people leave and having to go back to the city and repeat the whole process again every day. It could have been fun when everyone was new to the idea of MMO and group content, but spamming bullshit in trade chat + traveling back and forth was nowhere near being a hardcore experience, let alone being fun or adding to the social aspect. I agree they have gone way too far in simplifying certain aspects, but that one change was actually good."
"Morrowind had a brilliant reputation system that affected the way different factions perceived you, to the point where it wasn't possible to do every quest line in one play-through because opposing factions didn't allow it.

The problem with Skyrim is that this system gets thrown out the window, probably as a way to cut corners and cater to more casual players that absolutely *need* to do everything.
The end result being that the player's character becomes the ultimate 'mary-sue' and there's absolutely no point in making additional characters for different play-throughs, it really hurts the replayability of the game."
"Wipeout was the most technical non-driving-sim series I ever played, which is handy since I'm fascinated by the craft of driving but know nothing about cars. I actually really can't wait for this and I hope it does well."
"WildStar is the epitome of ""tedium equals difficulty"". I was psyched more for WildStar than any other MMO and ended up quitting after 2 months. 

WoW removed a lot of the pointless busy work from their game and the so called ""casualization"" is why they have 7 million+ subscribers after more than a decade. "
"Also the tired excuse of ""guys just stick with it until level 20 when you can run your first dungeon"". 

Sorry but if your game is a chore to get to the good part, you failed as a game designer. "
"&gt; While The Phantom Pain doesn't have helmets confirmed

Pretty sure they've mentioned multiple times that the enemies respond to how you play the game. The example they use is that if you get a lot of headshots then enemies start wearing helmets so I think helmets are confirmed."
"That comment was made in a file referencing console texture filtering paths, if I recall correctly, hence the ""who cares"". 

There was nothing wrong with that comment - people didn't understand it and attributed malice where there was none."
"See, that's where they getcha!

They are going to have a ""door museum"" where there are going to be like 1800 doors that you can open, but lead to nowhere."
"Not really, Star Wars the Old Republic wasn't doing too well when it was only subscription based, but is doing pretty well now since it hit F2P"
Why not? The only things DF lets you skip are spamming copypaste in trade and summoning. Were these really the most important factors which made people bond?
"Why are you asking people that question like as if that matters, dude? They're stating facts and they'll stay facts regardless of whether or not they themselves playing it."
"There actually was a PS4 ad thing that had a kid with a PS1 and he grows up, getting a PS2, PS3, and finally a PS4. 

"
"&gt; their subscription-based ghost town

Yuuuup! i really enjoyed the game for a few months before it kind of just died off, and it was getting pretty empty. Like you said, there is a dedicated base but not enough to keep Carbine afloat. This would definitely reinvigorate the player base and get new people in, I like the idea. There is a lot of fun to be had in there."
"That bothered me so much. Killing in that game was satisfying as all hell and then at the end, bam, you weren't supposed to kill people and everyone hates you you fucking asshole."
"I don't know a single person who plays Call of Duty. It doesn't mean it isn't one of the most popular franchises on the planet year after year. 

Get your head out of your ass. "
"There's a post on /r/wildstar right now from a supposed employee of Carbine who is stating that it is going hybrid F2P in August.

[Thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/WildStar/comments/35weqk/wildstar_is_going_to_a_hybrid_free_to_play_model/) with proof of employment at Carbine."
"You'll get kicking and screaming no matter what.

I haven't tried Wildstar yet, but if it goes B2P/F2P w/ no sub fee I almost definitely would and could be the saving grace for the game."
30 FPS? You have got to be kidding me. I just don't understand why this game is incapable of 60fps with such average graphics.
"But it can't survive, the game is dead.

There are too many other popular games nowadays for people to waste time on a game like Wildstar. I done the attunement when the game first came out but when I got to the dungeons it was just constant wipes with a PUG. I imagine pretty much everyone else who wasn't part of a guild give up on the game at that point too. You can't play the dungeons without a good guild, they are far too difficult to PUG. The average gamer doesn't have time to join a guild and commit all of their time to one game, just so they can enjoy the content and get half decent gear.

The PvP is a whole other story..."
"Not my title :P

IGN being a bit click-bait there but we're supposed to use the titles they give us on r/games. "
"The action combat with telegraphs for pve is really really great, super fun. For pvp, not so much.  
The leveling was really great, great world. Nice artstyle. Leveling with the combat system was a blast.  
The end-game was an extremely tedious and a very difficult grind. People hitting walls everywhere if they didn't have a very talented group/guild/raid. I believe this is what turned off most people over a short amount of time and turned the game into a ghost town once most people had finished leveling.  
  
I'm not sure how it is now, though, or what changes they'll make for a F2P/B2P update."
"Seriously, what's with Square Enix's obsession with putting every single canonical part of the story on a different goddamn platform?"
"Oh, get a new job? Why don't I strap on my job helmet and squeeze down into a job cannon and fire off into job land, where jobs grow on little jobbies?!”"
"Dragon Age Inquisition and Skyrim are probably great examples. Because those games were developed with consoles in mind, some of the UI and controls are completely illogical for mouse and keyboard. "
"Yeah. I think they were trying to do a lot more with the Civil War questline that would have made it a bigger part of the game, perhaps even a ""second"" main questline (rather than something that's just sort of... there, and just changes the yarls of cities).

There's a good chunk of code in the game files that'd have the two factions attacking/sieging each others holds (maybe even without the player). There's also code for taking various forts throughout the map for a faction, which could help the war effort.

I'm thinking they spent too many resources on that before realizing the consoles couldn't handle it, forcing them to reduce it down to what it is now. Especially since cities are their own ""instance"" in the world, which would break up any sort of siege mechanic."
"Very little for consoles, a whole punch for PC.

Developers now develop for consoles first, and then can't be bothered to change stuff for the PC version. We end up with very low FOV, limited hotkeys or ability slots (see Dragon Age Inquisition), lowered graphical fidelity, locked FPS, and a whole slew of other negatives.

Then of course there's poor optimization and ports which lead to shitty performance for us."
I feel like B2P makes everyone happier. Developers get money and the community doesn't feel hopeless.
"It also might have been just too much work for them. You have to understand just how much is packed into Skyrim even as it is vanilla. It's a huge game already, and there's only so much they can do in one game. 

You have to remember the kinds of hours these guys pull to get games like Skyrim onto shelves. They may have considered another main quest line but couldn't justify the additional man hours it would require. 

As gamers we can't just point our finger and say ""it needs more this and this and this"" and just expect them to bow to our desires. "
"&gt;  Maybe don't eat/drink junk so your body doesn't feel like junk when watching something in a resting state?

...and in all my 29 years of gaming (since you seem to think this is an important metric) i've never seen such a hilariously ignorant response to a legitimate issue."
GTAV came out 18 months after it was released on consoles and had already made a billion dollars.  There was plenty of time/money to design the game with faster hardware in mind.
"Curious why anyone would mention DMC4's framerate when talking about the SE. It's not like they're going to downgrade it from 60 to 30FPS. It was already 60FPS on PS3/360, save for some drops during cutscenes. The entire series is 60FPS in fact, except for the black sheep (DmC)."
"The thing that I love about these videos about DMC4:SE is the joy of watching a game demo in which the guy that they chose to play the game doesn't suck balls at playing the game, that is so rare."
"The problem is f2p kills current communities.  The f2p crowd are people who don't value games the same way.  They tend to be a lot younger, kids whose parents won't pay their subscription, or from different countries where the sub ends up far more expensive to them than in western countries.

Anyone saying either community is worse, is just speaking from their PoV, it's entirely an opinion.  If the older community left the game, then I don't see how anyone can blame the Devs for giving the others a chance!"
"I think the *way* the game was written had a lot to do with why there was such a big disjunct and change and quality between acts I and II.

In late 2013, after much work on the project it was decided Broken Age couldn't be finished at the level of quality Double fine desired so a decision was made to split the game into two parts. the first which was to be released in January of 2014, with the second released later. So far so good.

Where it gets weegy is in October of 2014. Up until this point the impression has been given that Broken age: Act 2 was the second portion of a story which had already been created and which had split in half because Double fine lacked the capital to fully produce it without bringing in more more funds. In February they announced that the release of Act I had brought in enough money to finish work on Act II.  Then, **more then 8 full months after the Act: I was released and 7 months after it was announced that funding for Act II was in place  Doublefine announced that Tim Shaefer had *finished writing* Act II**. 8 months after the release of the first game what they announced wasn't that they had finished creating assets or recording dialog or some such; instead they announce that the *writing for the second part of broken age wasn't completed until 8 months after the first half was officially released*.


**If the ""break"" in plot-lines, tone, and how puzzles were incorporated into the flow of the game felt very real it's because there was indeed a temporal break between the two**; the game was, in opposition to what was originally advertised to the press, written episodically. Although its not enough to make me *actively dislike* Double Fine - it is going to make me a bit more circumspect of their titles in the future and less enthused to see the sausage being made in their case"
"Not everyone has a PC that outclasses consoles.  PC games need to be extremely flexible, not simply better looking.  Textures and models also don't change how animations are made(?!)."
"RCTW has apparently been handed off to yet another new team (after the switch from Pipeworks to Area 52 Games last fall), but they don't want to reveal the team's name in order to ""[keep] distractions to a minimum"".

This is some seriously weird development going on and it really doesn't inspire hope for this game.  At this point I except the game to be either mediocre or absolute garbage and I'm not sure which is worse."
The decision is however in my experience completely arbitrary and it is safest to keep the title unchanged. Even making an abstract title more informative can lead to zealous deletion.
"They're not on the game anymore, they were from last fall until now doing ""engine work"" which is their excuse for why the trailer shown recently wasn't at all impressive."
"At this point, I think what every made this franchise so successful has completely disappeared. I just can't see this game being positive in anyway, other than the fact we're desperate for a theme park game. "
"RCT1 and 2 came out over 15 years ago, of course there aren't the same developers.  In fact, Chris Sawyer, the lead developer on 1 and 2 has said he's in no way involved in this project.  Not to mention Atari isn't nearly as big as it was then either and seems to have screwed up most of their recent games."
"Working 14 hours a day means you have a completely different PoV, which is precisely what I said.  You value your time entirely different to the majority of people.  I'm not sure why you see it as a waste of cash however, even if you are only putting in 5 hours a month it's still far cheaper than going to the cinema.  But then I guess you don't have much time for any entertainment with that kind of work load. :(

Subs do keep kids out, but that's not a bad or good thing, it's just different.  Subs do promote an older age group, but it's not the only factor.  Comparing paid MMOs to Xbox live is asinine, you need that sub to get the most out of an xbox.  You don't need to play subbed games to get the best out of a PC (depending on your PoV of course!).

Also I wouldn't lump teenagers with young kids.  Most teenagers will have pocket money which they can use for their sub.  Young kids however are used to free games, growing up with tablets seriously changes how they will think of games.  I've been paying for mmo subs for about 15 years now, it's just natural to me.  It's only a matter of PoV, I'm not saying f2p is bad it's just for a different audience.


Also I did look for statistics but from what I can find it tends to be focused on gender, employment, sexuality and status.  If they do mention age, it's only for one game and doesn't look at the different payment models.  I would take that as it's not profitable for anyone to do a study on that because the decision to go f2p doesn't matter what age group plays it, only if it will make them more money.

edit: http://media.curse.com/content/Ads/Study/CurseWhitepaper_MMO_03.pdf seems to indicate I'm right, f2p gamers are younger. :)"
"The games on sale currently at 50% off, which is a complete bargain. It's in a really fun state right now and can only get better in the future."
"On a semi related note: What happened to 2gd:s game? Reborn, was it? Havn't heard anything about it in a long time now."
It's heading towards a kickstarter at the moment. Name has changed to Diabotical. If you check out /r/ArenaFPS we have up to date news on the subreddit of tournaments game patches and new games for pretty much anything you could consider an Arena FPS game.
"It's a ""reimaging"". Basically very similar storyline, but with updated mechanics and a storyline that will follow closer to the movie."
"Well, Frontier is developing their own game (Coaster Park Sim) and [Theme Parkitect](http://www.themeparkitect.com/) is in development, so there's that at least."
I've heard its the same case for the movie too. Good news is that this means I can get a ps4 before it releases and not miss out on the launch. 
"&gt; It makes the entire experience worthless. 

No it doesn't.  Stop letting the dev's reward system dictate how you should play it and just focus on the game itself."
"I think almost every AAA Sony game has been delayed this gen, outside of the 2 PS4 launch games. Although it's pretty common among all publishers, this just seems unreal. Uncharted pushed to 2016 as well as this. Seems like they can't stay on schedule, or are simply announcing games way too early trying to get people to buy PS4's."
"Why would anyone still store their credit card info on PSN network?  PSN had all kind of security issues, storing card information just for convenience is playing with fire in this case.  Also, how the hell it's so easy to hack PSN account?  They don't have 2-step verification process? Do what Steam or any big MMO does when someone tries to log in to your account from unknown location - send verification code to your phone. Basically if a big organization like Sony doesn't have 2-step verification process then that company is just incompetent when it comes to securing user's data."
"The title of the article makes it sound like they're talking about both their game and early access, when they actually talking about making games..."
"A little disappointed, but not entirely surprised considering how little we've seen of it so far. Still, at least it isn't being rushed out the door!"
"I wish they'd publish soldat on steam. It's free anyway and it could use the publicity :[

That game could potentially be ridiculously fun..."
"Eh, I think this is a good sign. They've listened to the feedback from the rubbish trailer and are reacting to that, which is better than just pushing forward with what they had and releasing something crap. 

No doubt we'll be waiting longer, but fingers crossed that the wait will be worth it."
"You should really play A Crack In Time if you get a chance. It's really a return to form and rivals Up Your Arsenal as the best in the series, imo."
"As one of the developers who is in the mood for a bit of shameless self promotion, that's not actually an unfair opinion, especially with the current state of the game.

Our primary goal has always been to focus on improving the feature set of AFPS games more than the gameplay itself. I was part of the CPMA for Quake 3 team which originally established just what features and standards were required for a competitive AFPS and I'm confident we can do the same again with Reflex.

That said, there are a lot of minor tweaks and changes to gameplay we've made already (or will be making short term) but they're going to be hard to spot unless you're an experienced player.

I also have quite a long list of experimental changes that I'd like to try out at some point, some of which might make it in, some of which might not. I would have liked to try a lot of them out sooner but with our development focused on high level play, there's been things we've had to work on first. For example, it would have been tough to evaluate some of these changes if we made them before our big netcode update because the entire game just didn't feel nearly as good as it does now."
"I hope Konami has it completely wrong, I would hate their vision of the future of gaming to become the norm."
"I think Konami is probably right that mobile is where the majority of the money will be in gaming, but that doesn't mean that console and PC games won't still be billion dollar industries."
"There's no doubt that Konami has a lot more misses than hits in recent years. But it seems the point behind this move is, even when the games *are* good, they are much riskier and often less profitable than mobile gaming.

What really bums me out is that Konami holds the rights to a lot of really cool IP. It would be a shame to see that stuff relegated stricly to mobile gaming."
"Damm, it is just so sad that exploiting people prone to additction with shitty shovelware has become a financially more viable strategy than making actual games."
"I just hope they sell their IP's to better development studios.  I highly doubt this will happen, but thankfully we are getting great new games already from their past creators. (ex. Bloodstained)"
"Mobile gaming is like mega blocks is to Legos...

I like playing with mega blocks but deep down I really wish I'd have Legos."
"It would be better if Bemani split off. Wouldn't mind them teaming up with Harmonix for some home version titles.

"
"All fair, until you see that majority of the Android games are so easy to pirate that you sometimes shouldn't even bother porting it to Android. 

Just look at /r/gamedev and ask about how much it is worth it to code for Android, unless you use ads, it is really hard to make money."
"We should stop calling delays delays and call them ""Games announced too early"".

""PS4 Ratchet &amp; Clank Game Irresponsibly Announced Too Early"""
"Sounds like they're going to be doing another 400 days type mini episode like they did during the long gap between Season 1 and 2. I'm not entirely opposed to this. I thought 400 days was interesting, even if it was very short.

Game of Thrones and Borderlands have both been pretty good so it isn't a huge deal, but between Walking Dead, Game of Thrones, Borderlands, Wolf Among Us, Minecraft and now the Marvel partnership it'll be interesting seeing if they can juggle it all."
"This game is such a mess.

Multiple teams. The worst trailer ever made with graphics worse than the 10+ year old most recent game in the series. These dev blogs aren't helping- they claim the game is set for this year but also claim the game is in pre-alpha. PRE-ALPHA. Set for this year.

No screenshots of the game in its current state, only in its old state, from the original developers. No video of the game in any state but the ""most recent build"" by the second developer, which is the trailer that looked worse than a playstation 2 launch title.

This game is going to be awful."
"""Mobile is where the future of proft lies.""

That would have made more sense. That is completely true. Mobile games are cheap to make, easy to publish, easy to monetize, and easy to publish for different platforms.

Saying 'the future of gaming' just makes him sound like an idiot. Mobile games aren't making any innovations in the gaming industry, they have yet to match the quality of a AAA title or even a well made indie game, and no mobile game has ever made a 'gamer' say ""Well this is obviously the future, I'll just go ahead and sell my PC, PS4, Wii U, and Xbox One."""
"Sure, but the intended audience for mega blocks (infants) don't give a shit that they're not playing with lego, and if they really like mega blocks they can get into lego later."
Top grossing mobile games are F2P. Pirates are not problem for all those Clash of Clans \ Candy Crush \ Puzzle &amp; Dragons clones.
"""We've realized that mobile gamers will pay out the arse for really cheaply-made, simple games that cost us nearly nothing to produce.  As such, get ready for the sequels you've all been waiting for!  Like Contra:Mobile!  Each 30 shots be purchased by Gems!  Or just wait out the 4 hour reload timer.""

""Because it worked so well for Dungeon Keeper!"""
"True, but only if F2P turns out to be done well, with Konamis recent history I can't imagine them simply messing it up in a huge way.

Let's just imagine a winning pro eleven port for mobiles. How do they do it ? You can select your fav. Team but only play one game a day ? You can't even play your fav. Team and have to purchase them ?

I am simply not confident that Konami has the right mindset for this. But I also will admit that I don't know the Asian Market at all when it comes to F2P and in-app purchases."
the future lies where the money is. it's always been that way. you can innovate as much as you want. if it doesnt sell it's worth shit. 
The thought of mobile games being the future of gaming with their shit touch screen controls and F2P shovelware makes me want to jump off of a cliff. 
"You hit the nail on the head. It is an addiction, like gambling with no payout. [South Park did a really good explanation of this concept](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CbWr0zO7Ac) "
"What an appropriate revelation from Konami. They've sullied their name in the gaming world, and burned a bridge with their shining star Kojima, so why not exodus to the cesspool that is mobile gaming?
They'll make their money and hopefully we'll see more from Kojima without them. I just hope they don't drag the MGS name through the mud."
"There's a lot of money, but there's also a lot of bastards like King (Candy Crush) cloning games. I think Konami would have been better opening a mobile-centric studio and looking back to their earlier success to find inspiration for AAA but it's not my company to run."
This problem is also covered quite well in this long but important article: [Chasing the Whale: Examining the ethics of free-to-play games](http://www.gamasutra.com/view/feature/195806/chasing_the_whale_examining_the_.php)
"Mobile FIFA15 showed how to monetize F2P sport game. All players are basically timed consumables. Player packs are pure gamble. Energy timewall so you unable to grind to even keep your current gold-plat team by just playing. It's ugly but it somehow people keep throwing money into this mobile crap.

Asian mobile market is even more ridiculous. Every title is pure Pay2Win there."
"Yeah, but Konami is going to switch to selling Metal Gear Solid Mega Blocks and what WE want is more Metal Gear Solid Lego (replace MGS with your favorite Konami IP). But we won't get that ever again."
Chris sawyer wasn't just the lead developer. He was pretty much the only developer. As far as I'm aware it was just him and an art guy and a sound guy. 
There an enormous market for PC and consoles.  Publishers aren't going to sit back and let everyone else eat the pie.
"Personally, I'm fine with MGSV being the end of Metal Gear Solid. I feel like it's been allowed to run it's course.

Will it be a bummer to see ""Puzzle and Metal Gears"" on the mobile market? Sure. But it doesn't take anything away from the amazing series of games that is already out there."
"they are a japanese company and mobile is huge there, I think it was pretty big even before the smartphone era"
"Well, he said the mobile game is the future, and he's right. When we get to the point where a mobile game has *""made a 'gamer' say ""Well this is obviously the future, I'll just go ahead and sell my PC, PS4, Wii U, and Xbox One""* then mobile game will the present."
"&gt;""Mobile is where the future of gaming lies.""

That statement upsets me. For sure it's the future for short term profits with very little effort required, abusing small transactions and whales that can't stop spending money on shitty games, but for gaming? What a joke. 

I don't blame them for going this route, but I mourn for the loss of some nice IPs in the process that are either going to be left for dead, or having their dead limp bodies puppeted for their free to play shovelware."
"Now that I think about, it is interesting how much of this season of South Park was gaming-related. Not only free-to-play Skinner Box games, but also Oculus Rift, Youtube-bait shit games and empty promises on Kickstarter. But what got to me the most was the disconnect between older games and the new generation. For today's kids, mobile free.to-play games and other low-effort shovelware will be the normal.

I have a 10 year old cousin who is constantly raving about Five Nights at Freddy's, the Slenderman game, Flappy Bird, Angry Bird and all kinds of mobiel games, but has no idea what Grand Theft Auto, Metal Gear Solid or Rayman are. Soon they will outnumber us to such a degree that develoeprs are only going to care about them. 

And the situation is already pretty grim. Crytek and even Valve of all developers are just making more and more low-effort online-only shovelware. Sure, those hats are completely useless in gameplay, but is that seriously something to be celebrated and admired? Is selling nothing at a low price the height of the gaming community's standard?"
"Ironically, the only people that will know konami in the west are hardcore gamers. Nobody that plays candy crush saga only will know Konami or any of their brands. 

"
"I jailbroke my iPhone (apple stopped supporting the iPhone 4 so I thought I may as well), and I can get any app/IAP for free. Problem is, there are no apps worth my time, so I don't bother with it, but it would be effortless for someone who enjoys mobile gaming."
The newest game is coming out alongside the new movie. Its a remastering of the first game. So they're prob going to be adding in the newer features like strafing and weapon upgrgades. Plus theyre overhauling the original story. 
"I mean, did they even announce a release date beforehand? I just rememeber them saying ""new game"" and at most ""plan for summer""."
"I hope you're right, but Konami's decision is something that I've been expecting big publishers to do for some time now. Why spend years in development of a AAA console/pc title when you can spend 5 weeks and 1/20th the budget on a F2P mobile title that pays out the same? It's evil and exploitative, but it makes good business sense."
"You really think it's grim that a young child doesn't know GTA and MGS?

Rayman hasn't been popular in years.

Just because a 10 year old doesn't play M rated games doesn't mean there isn't a market for those kinds of things. They aren't mutually exclusive. Angry Birds can and does co-exist with GTA."
"I honestly don't understand how mobile games are so huge.

If I'm home, I have a PC and a large tv.

If I'm not home, I'm working or doing something else that isn't conducive to sitting there playing a game on my cellphone.

Mobile gaming is a fad that left me years ago.  I think I've played a handful of Hearthstone games while waiting for my wife at the doctors office or something.

I'm 32, so probably not that platforms key demographic."
"No. Shovelware refers to games that are ""shoveled out"" of a studio. Cookie cutter games made to tick boxes, with little regard for entertainment value. "
"We'll see about that.  
Konami is a big company. How many cheap mobile games are they gonna be able to push out? How many are others pushing out?  
Oversaturation might happen."
"Well, they can be put on Smart Phones, which almost everyone has now; even little kids have smart phones now. (Really, why does a nine year old need a phone?  Who are they calling?)

They can be put on smart phones easily and free of charge, so the potential market is huge!  Just throw a simple Bejewled clone, and let people who normally don't play games download it as a time waster.  All because someone isn't interested in playing something like Counter-strike at home doesn't mean they're above a simple time waster in the waiting room.

Finally, they add in abusive pay-to-XXX schemes which prey on well known psychological ""flaws"" in the human psyche that get at least a few people to spend outrageous sum of cash on things they normally would never.  That's how it's done.


I'm curious to see what happens in 10 or 20 years:  Will people adapt and become immune to the micro-transactions, will laws against abusive payments be put into place, or will mobile gaming be the future?"
"Eh, i wouldn't worry.  I don't really consider mobile games to be actual gaming.

The people paying money to play Candy Crush aren't the people buying Metal Gear Solid 5.  Konami is basically just dropping one consumer base for another."
"Looks great. I mean it's basically just Quake 3/CPMA but considering the Quake Live devs decided to ruin their game, it's very welcome."
"Except Diablo isn't predicated on getting you addicted to get you to pay for more shots at items. I dint know how destiny works, though. "
My desire to go back and play GW2 banks on what the Tyria masteries end up being. I got the most enjoyment out of GW2 through playing by myself and doing 100% world completion. Unfortunately after doing it two or three times it becomes a drag. Masteries that sped up how quickly you completed heart quests or gave you access to waypoints you hadn't gone to yet would really pull me back in for a few more full completions. 
Funny thing is that I assume Konami has a pretty good idea on how to exploit people prone to addiction... considering how well their [casino games business has gone](https://www.gaming.konami.com/home.aspx).
Yeah plus the mobile market is still fairly young. The early consoles had the same issues with low effort trash and we all know what happened. 
"I spend significant amounts of time on the bus everyday. Playing a game on my phone is a great way to unwind. I doubt I would play mobile games if I wasn't using public transit, though."
"Considering we already have Contra slot machines I don't suspect they have any intention of letting any of their IP go.

I was going to say best-case scenario at this point is they let competent 3rd party developers license them, but honestly fuck 'em they don't deserve it.

I'm much happier to support the talent on their own IPs than let Konami get money for no effort."
"&gt; So somewhat like gambling except that you don't have to constantly pay

So not like gambling at all."
That's what I wondered as well. Which of Valve's titles could we consider shovelware?! I actually think games like Dota 2 and Team Fortress 2 have good monetization models. They allow players to play on an even playing field while the games' fanatics buy cosmetics to support the developers. Microtransactions != shovelware
"Depends how you interpret the future of gaming. If you mean pushing the envelope in the medium then I doubt mobile is the place to go.

If you just mean where most of the players are going to be in the future it seems pretty inevitable. As gaming grows as an accepted form of entertainment that the majority of people engage in, the bulk of games will become lowest common denominator on an accessible device.

The same thing can be seen with films, the most popular films have low barriers to entry, they have broad appeal which often goes hand in hand with a certain amount of simplicity. As the subject of a film becomes less accessible it will almost inevitably be less popular and this is a scale of sorts that goes from popcorn flicks to niche arthouse stuff. The same is already somewhat true of games except the popcorn games market is still developing."
"I agree, the convoluted plot of MGS is something I keep wondering if there's really much further for it to go. 

The underlying gameplay is something that could be reinvented in a new world (The MGS gameplay has been changed/refreshed a bunch over the years already), with a fresh convoluted plot, another hero that takes heavy inspiration from 80's movie stars.

It's not as though Konami have the exclusive rights on ""games like MGS"", just that specific series, or that Kojima+Konami was the only combination possible to create something like MGS. I love it when there's the opportunity for someone to create something new, something better."
"Every single reaper in the game will wear those fucking wings. 

With that said, this looks interesting. I was kinda hoping that the staff/scythe would be used as a normal Melee weapon with the specialization, but this looks more fun than the generic power necro so I'm excited."
"The only time I play games on my phone is during my 30 minute commute to/from work, during which I play Gameboy Advance games and SNES games via emulators.

I'll never understand people who spend money on games like Candy Crush Saga."
"I'm the same age. Mobile games exist in my life solely as something to do while taking a shit. There has not been one time that I've ever been sitting at home and said ""I really want to play games on my phone right now."" "
"It is, and it's not very surprising that a company chooses the most profitable path. It's just hard for me to see a company I've loved for so long turning its back on me."
"Ever the optimist. Things like this could lead to the PC and console gaming scene to go back to the non-mainstream niche it once was. All the DLC bullshit goes over to the mobile because the hardcore audience that still sticks with the main gaming platforms won't have any of it, and quality, lower budget titles of yore become the norm. RPG's become deeper and more complex like the old days because there's less need to reach mainstream audiences (think PoE), FPS games become more focused on atmosphere and gameplay experience than cinematics and huge set pieces (think STALKER).

Just trying to look on the brightside of things. At the end of the day, we're still getting MGSV. I can;t see Konami topping that any time soon anyway."
"It's also not true. Star Citizen has raised over $82 million and counting because they went the exact opposite route. People are still willing to pay for new, unique, quality gaming experiences. But those things take risk and imagination. 

Konami is just chasing the quick buck. You can pay kids right out of school pennies to make dozens of mobile games, and do a shotgun approach. Eventually one or two of them will be successful enough to start adding features and monetize, and the failures were so cheap to make as not to matter.
"
"Lets be real, they haven't produced a good game in forever. &gt;&gt; You'll always have classic Castlevania games."
"It can be true, but the mobile market is riddled with problems and oversight issues. Just a couple of weeks ago, this sub was discussing 'Threes' and how they got banned for breaking the rules on the Google Market yet Google ignored that 2048 is a clone of Threes and failed to do anything about it.

For a quick buck, night job, cash and grab? Sure, mobile is your best platform. For long term sustainable mobile development? I just can't see it.

Imagine if Konami launches a mobile game, and someone just clones it (which happens ALL the time on the mobile market). How much would Konami have to spend to defend their IP? How much can they even contain? 

It is a market and a systems problem and it can't be solved by just one big dev or publisher. "
"Mobile gaming is the future of suck-ass gaming. Gaming without dedicated controls (gamepad or K&amp;M) sucks and will always suck. Mobile gaming will never be able to provide an experience comparable to any really great game that's come out on consoles or PC, excluding maybe turn based stuff.

As someone already said, it's the future of easier and bigger profits, but it's as much the future of gaming as fast food is the future of actual restaurants."
Valve organizes a huge multi-million dollar DotA2 tournament every year and are updating the game with patches and hot fixes in a near daily frequency. They work hard on DotA2. 
"Soooo happy about this. Greatswords and shouts and scythes oh my. 

Still hoping to hear about some base specialization changes... "
Dota2 does not force people to purchase anything in order to play. The game has to be good in order for people to want to purchase things for it. This is literally the opposite of shovelware where the game is bad but the micro transactions are necessary to keep playing properly.
"It's about supply and demand. If it so happened that a bunch of AAA studios switched to mobile games, the supply decreases, but the demand stays the same, making it easier for other companies to provide the product.

A bigger problem would be a reduction in the demand for 'real' games, which would cause the supply to reduce accordingly. But I can't really see that happening any time soon."
"The problem is it isn't.  Unless you hit on the right game that has the right addiction level (""higher than crack"", or the ""WOW"" factor if you want.) you're not going to make ass tons of money. puzzles and dragons gets a lot of money because it has good gameplay, good balance, and a depth.  Final Fantasy Record Keeper might make a lot of money because of characters, but it doesn't have a staying power.  Heroes Charge has very little interactivity. 

A lot of games are like Final Fantasy Record Keeper and Heroes Charge, they're low activity games. Most people will get bored of them quickly.  Konami is going to get screwed unless they build a solid game behind their mobile marketting (And most comapnies are not willing to do that)"
"I'm still playing through my first time, very slowly. But I'd say it's impressive enough that they wrangled you in for such a long haul already. The fact that they're bringing you back in again says a lot about the game. "
"Seriously. Ten year olds should be playing Angry Birds and not GTA. Slam AB all you want, but it's a kid friendly game, it's perfect for that age. GTA isn't. "
"Video footage if you don't want to go to neogaf

http://a.pomf.se/truhbr.mp4

http://a.pomf.se/ssejca.mp4
"
"&gt;There's a reason casinos ~~are~~ **were** insanely popular and profitable.

Casinos are losing revenue across America (probably because their customer base is either dying off of old age or getting their fix on mobile devices): 

http://www.pressofatlanticcity.com/news/breaking/atlantic-city-casino-revenue-falls-percent-in-april/article_286cc384-f99d-11e4-b48f-63a695f379b6.html

http://www.reviewjournal.com/business/casinos-gaming/nevada-s-largest-casinos-lose-7437-million-fiscal-14

http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2014-04-03/casinos-close-as-revenue-falls-in-gambling-saturated-u-dot-s

http://www.bizjournals.com/baltimore/news/2015/05/05/maryland-casinos-raked-in-89-million-in-april.html"
"Please follow the subreddit rules. We don't allow low effort or off-topic comments *(jokes, puns, memes, reaction gifs, personal attacks or other types of comments that doesn't add anything relevant to the discussion)* in /r/Games.

You can find the subreddit rules here: http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/wiki/rules#wiki_rules"
"Which is why after the explosion of Dota 2 and CS:GO cosmetic popularity they announced SteamOS and Steam boxes, both ridiculously risky projects that could be huge disasters for them? Yep totally just sitting back on their Dota hat money, no effort here. 

Not to mention the fact that they've been actively working on the Source 2 engine for a long time now which is pretty obviously the reason why new software has been slower coming out from them. "
Anyone want to take a guess at the chances of this getting released on PC considering we only ever got Gears of War 1 and with GFWL.
"Sooner or later I'm betting there will be another game crash like in 1983.  Everyone will realise how shit and pointless mobile games are and just stop playing them, killing every publisher and developer focused on that market.

Frankly it's already over saturated with complete crap, so I doubt it would take too much to kill it off."
"Holy shit, Konami is on the most aggressive downward spiral I think I have ever seen in a gaming company. They are liberally exploiting every single possible opportunity to make the gaming community hate them.

If I was a conspiracy theorist, I could have a field day with them."
"Whoa, what? The Nintendo DS came out in 2004. The hot cell phone back then was the Motorola Razr. Tablets as we know them today did not exist in any form.

To act like the DS was inspired by mobile phones is pure poppycock."
"The market crashed for a few years, almost destroying the industry until Nintendo came along and revitalized it with their console? Regardless, the immediate future has some potholes we need to look out for."
"A point is that demand for real elaborate games will be there regardless of whether big publishers cease to make them or not. If Konami starts to make only mobile games,  this demand will be satisfied by someone else eventually "
A TL;DR for those who can't/don't want to watch it. The E3 trailer we saw was a tech demo and not a playable one. They have never downgraded the playable version.
They probably want another MCC that makes people buy the console. But since this is supposedly only Gears 1 it's not impossible for a PC release
"It's still a downgrade when your trailer includes visual effects that don't make it into to the final game. This guy's just making up excuses saying it's ""unfair"" to compare a trailer to the actual game, when that's what creates our big expectations to begin with.

Edit: Also they shouldn't say their trailers include ""Gameplay footage"" if they go back on it later and say the game wasn't playable in that state anyway."
"You know, something occurred to me. 

There's less games aimed at kids on consoles than there were a few years ago. A lot of the licensed stuff has dried up, and that's a big part of it. "
"Would you simultaneously release all your console exclusives for PC if you were at the top of Microsoft Games? They have a brand to run, putting all the Xbox games onto another platform would only hurt sales"
"Well, Konami has a lot of money. They can use that to push their apps as featured in the app stores, thereby overcoming the over saturation problem. That's how the bigger companies' games keep getting more and more popular in the app stores, while small games are difficult to find. "
"Guaranteed they're going to have a metal gear solid mobile. And that's just sad.

EDIT: OK I get it, there are mobile versions of metal gear solid."
"Yeah, they know 100% that trailers make expectations.  Specially when it is supposedly ""in-game"".  There's no excuse, and this is deplorable.

Hopefully the game comes out to be great anyway."
"Not defending the practice by any means, but there have been some great studies that show that ""whales"" (i.e people who spend a lot of money on one specific game) often have a much better understanding of their situation that other players. People who are willing to spend 1000s on a single game typically:

1) Have a lot of disposable income

2) Understand that it's just a game, understand that the systems encourage spending

and 3) Are happy spending money on something they actively enjoy.

The exploitative bit isn't typically the whales, it's the people who don't have that much disposable income who are tricked into spending money only to not even get anything out of it.

Another thing to consider is that free-to-play as a model is not inherently bad, it's just often poorly implemented. My favourite current example of free-to-play monetization in the mobile market is [Crossy Road](http://www.crossyroad.com/), a fantastic little game with a great money-making model. 

[ed] Added link to the thing I read last year on request: [""Free-to-play whales more rational than assumed""](http://www.gamesindustry.biz/articles/2014-04-01-free-to-play-whales-more-rational-than-assumed). There is also a lot of research into gamblers that produce similar results, don't have time to provide further sources sorry."
"What a ludicrous cop out. What they present is what they *want* the  viewer to believe is playable, dodging that by claiming it's a ""tech demo"" is just disrespectful to a fanbase and pleaing to their naivety. "
"I teach young kids, so I'm around them pretty often, and you're more likely to see a kid with an iPod or iPad than you are a DS/3DS. Kids aren't playing our games anymore. That's why Konami is doing this, that's why Nintendo backed tracked on their old no-mobile-games policy. "
"In my heyday of gaming I had Half-Life (and mods), Starcraft, C&amp;C, Unreal, Quake, Goldeneye (and PD), and a fuckton of other amazing games.  I don't think I played them as much as my family members who play Clash of Clans."
"&gt; All the DLC bullshitWell, hopefully just the low-effort/low-quality/on-disc DLC.  I like my good DLC, it's expansion packs for the digital age!"
"I do not think the Dev in this interview understands that people want what they were shown in trailers. If you cant produce that then people will be upset about it. People get upset about anything when they feel they are cheated. His counter point that it was a technical demo doesn't hold up either. A technical demo would show the limits of an engine, not as a trailer designed to sell the game.

That being said The previous two Witcher games have great graphics, even in the first one. The skyboxes and environments in the original game blew me away. I just finished it for the first time last sunday and was very impressed with how well it held up.

The only real problem both games have is pop in, which can be pretty distracting. Other than that however they are some of the best looking games around, so I have confidence.

I think this reeks of damage control, when really CDPR should just either ignore these downgrade accusations rather than respond to them. Because no matter what they say, people will disagree and try to make an even bigger deal of out it.

edit:words and punctuation"
"It's mostly LEGO games at this point. Whenever I see a kids' bundle of games, it's usually two LEGO games and a licensed platformer based on an animated film. No Crash Bandicoots or Spyros, like what was big when I was a kid. I guess there's always Nintendo. "
"Because it's waaaayyyy cheaper to put a licensed game out on mobile, and hope that kids won't notice poor quality because it's got their favorite characters. Flashback to the NES/SNES days of licensed games really."
"to be fair, he's talking to shareholders and not gamers. when he says the future he means sales and profit and is trying to justify their decision to bet primarily on mobile gaming. Wall Street (or whatever metonym the Nikkei has) might not understand the nuances of gaming, but they get sales, profitability, and franchises. he is probably seeking to assuage some doubt over the future of MGV5 and Pro Ev."
"So, melee based, turns into a suped up avatar of death with a scythe, many skills based on fighting multiple enemies, skills the refresh faster depending on enemy HP. 

The GW1 Dervish is back!"
"Except when they often put up obvious disclaimers ""this footage not representative of final product"", etc.

In general I hate the idea that every tiny scrap of information or preview a developer releases can or should be taken as a contract signed in blood. The alternative is that a developer doesn't show anything because legal/PR/marketing knows there's the possibility it will be taken negatively."
"I love CDPR but that's a cop-out. It wasn't a downgrade because it ""didn't exist""? Then what the hell were you showing us? Did we imagine those trailers from 2013 in some sort of collective hypnosis? No.

What I think happened is: CDPR were making a game. They made it to specifications they thought the ""next generation"" of consoles might have. The consoles were released and were not powerful enough to meet their previous builds. To save time and effort, they built the lowest common denominator, the consoles. This made the game as a whole, even on PC, look worse.

No doubt they built higher quality models and textures and downsampled them to fit them on to 8GB of shared RAM and a low-speed integrated APU, and the PC has the options for higher detail, but I think the game as a whole suffered from under-powered consoles. I mean, this generation of consoles can't even meet last generation's trash-talk standard of ""true HD"" (remember when Sony sledged MS with their ""true HD is 1080p and 60fps"" talk?) so it's not surprise that, once again, games are being made for lesser hardware and PC gamers are stuck with what might have been.

Still, at least this game wasn't held back by 512MB RAM limit like Skyrim was."
"There is next to no crossover between the mobile and 'traditional' gaming markets. There will continue to be money in both markets, mobile will never eclipse console/pc gaming because they serve very different purposes. Mobile is not where the future of all of gaming is, that notion is just dumb."
"I feel like I'm alone in not being bothered by this. Stuff happens, things change. The graphics changed? Okay but is the game gonna be any good? That's matters the most to me.

When Watchdogs was revealed to have worse graphics I was disappointed but what got me even more was the reveal that the game itself was just typical Ubisoft copy paste open world. 

I want the Witcher 3 to be a good game first and foremost.

"
Do you have a link to these studies? My problem is many of these games are designed to be addicting rather than fun. So many of them look like poker machines interfaces
"Metal Gear is probably a bad example, but Konami also holds many franchises like Silent Hill and Castlevania that could really use some love."
"To be fair, it's still way too early to rule out directly funding games as a passing fad as well. All it will take is one or two high profile crowdfunded games to fail for people to get really stingy. And we don't yet know if Star Citizen is truly worth $82 million."
"I understand what he's trying to say, but his argument doesn't make a lot of sense. He says the videos people are talking about weren't playable, just trailers that pick the best shots. However, several comparisons have been made with the 2014 video they released that was clearly labeled [""35 Minutes of Gameplay""](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4ony2r0QFs). Effects such as tessellation on the buildings, like at [1:30](https://youtu.be/N4ony2r0QFs?t=90), aren't present in more recent videos. "
"Alright, can I just take a minute to say how brilliant of a term ""Shovelware"" is? It's just so...perfect. Everything about the word fits its meaning perfectly. A word hasn't been invented that works as well since ""Brick"". Can you imagine a brick being called anything else? No. It's just the best possible word for the thing, and ""Shovelware"" is equal to it. It's the god damn peak of wordmaking. 

That is all."
"Still a downgrade. 

I think TW3 in it's current state looks great, but it's not what they advertised. 

Do not show us one thing and then sell another. You don't need to do it.  


On top of that if it was just a tech demo, then why the hell is this the first time I'm hearing it? It was called a gameplay demo until now. 

"
"I think you're thinking of Duplo, the larger version of Lego made by Lego for younger children.  Megabloks are the knock-off version of Lego, intended for people the same age as Lego, though sometimes an older audience than Lego even, because they get licensing with Halo and Assassin's Creed and Call of Duty, and make Megabloks based on them."
Why did they show it in that state and call it gameplay if it wasn't actually playable and was never meant to be? That seems very shitty.  
"I feel like I've seen more real gameplay of the Witcher 3 in the last year than I have of nearly any game I was getting ready to buy.

Is this just complaining for the sake of complaining? The gameplay (that they've been showing for a fucking year) is not the same as the trailer 2 years ago?

Edit: If you're going to make a trailer for a game and have it look like a game - it better better be exactly what the game will look like 2 years from now or you'll have this thread."
"When you make a trailer you present the game in a way you hope/think it will look like. Unfortunately like with many things in life, reality often disagrees with your vision and you're forced to make compromises.

This was the case here and it will be the case in other media too. Hell, movie trailers constantly contain scenes that never appear in the final movie."
"Good. I'm getting really tired of the CDProjekt pole stroking and viral marketing that goes down in this sub leading up to this launch so it's refreshing to see everyone call them out when its something negative. Having said that, basically everyone does this and they should have just been up front about it and nobody would have cared. Now it's going to turn into a minor drama influx that will only be negative all of which could have been avoided with a yes or no question of honesty."
"You are right indeed, it wasn't the trailer (altough a bit of it was the trailers) it was the 35 minutes long video of commented gameplay that looked exactly like the old trailers and had loads of effects that were removed from the game. It WAS playable, they showed us tons of assets they removed later on (prolly because of consoles) but these assets clearly exist. They just deliberately made the choice not to use them and that is not optimization. Optimization is trying to maximize the performance of your engine so that it runs better on various set of hardware and that is why old consoles can still run good looking games on old-ass harware (it is admitedly simpler to optimize for consoles as their specs don't change and devs know what to optimize for). Ultimately that would not have ran as is on consoles, but it didn't have to. They just made the choice to go with the lowest common denominator (which is their right altough dissapointing) and the PC version was heavily downgraded to be on par with the other versions. What's infuriating is not simply the downgrade as people know the game is still pretty and will be fantastic, it's how they chose to screw the pc version and how they lied saying the trailers graphics quality would be achievable in game at launch and now they toss up pr bullshit to cover it up. And it's clear it's bullshit."
"No you aren't alone, the majority of us reasonable people just don't participate in the discussion. Only a loud vocal minority are jumping up and down screaming about a downgrade. 

The vast majority just buy the game that they want to play, it's going to be as good as they could make it and that's just the reality of it. It's not like they're holding a better version back just to watch us suffer or w/e. "
"Yeah, while I'm sure there are some people out there who are behind on the car payments because they can't stop buying coins or whatever in Game of War, I think the issue is overblown. 

I know people who spend tens of thousands of dollars on all sorts of hobbies, ranging from fixing up old cars to buying dozens of expensive camera lenses. Hobbies are intensely personal, and who am I to tell someone that they're wrong to be into whatever it is they prefer to spend their time and money on?

I've got hundreds of games in my Steam account that I'll never have time to play, and thousands of dollars worth of woodworking tools in my garage that I rarely have time to use. I'm sure both of those sound dumb as hell to some people, but I personally am glad I have them, enjoyed collecting them, and will likely continue to spend money on more of them. Because it makes me happy and I can afford it. "
"Sorry, but that's a pullshit PR move. How can you advertise your game but then say ""the game didn't exist for us to downgrade"".

Clearly, CDPR's team put work into making what they did for E3, and they didn't intend to completely abandon all those assets. They soon found out the new systems would not be able to run their initial vision, so they adjusted that vision.

They can't simply deny that a better looking version of this game never existed. Seriously, we all know the graphics looked better in the past. Most of us are already over that fact. It would make it much better if CDPR just admitted they needed to lower the graphics.

As far as I'm concerned, **the issue is no longer about the downgraded graphics, it's about CDPR not properly owning up to that fact.**"
"""Deplorable"" lol calm down sir. Yes it's very disappointing that they set their expectations too high, but let's not try and act like there was this grand conspiracy to mislead the public. The trailer in question is two years old, is it not feasible to you that they simply just set the bar too high in light of all the over-hype of the next gen?"
"&gt;It's also good to reconsider the trailer we have seen for Cyperpunk 2077 as well.

that was always a CGI trailer, not even in-engine. obviously not how the game is gonna look, even if they said that they would like to do that. when the first gameplay trailer drops that's when you have to decide if you wanna believe it or not."
"I wouldn't expect Xbox series staples like Halo, Gears, and Forza to ever go to PC.  Those titles literally made Xbox what it is today.  I would imagine several people buy an Xbox just for those 3 titles and Microsoft knows that."
"I agree with you, but to be fair, addiction doesn't necessarily ruin your life. there are milllllions of people addicted to a ton of shit, but they remain functional. how many people do you know went bankrupt from buying cigarettes, you know? "
"The thing is, Cyberpunk 2077's trailer was clearly an animation and was never advertised as a gameplay footage."
"I keep telling myself 'don't get hyped up, they haven't released gameplay footage, there's not even a demo, this is all theoretical'.

They're making it really hard not to get excited."
"I saw an ad in the goddamn movie theater the other day for one of these insufferable paint-by-numbers pocket Skinner boxes.

How do you get to that point with a title that clearly passed through Google Translate?

GAME OF ~~THRONES~~ WAR! Ugh.

That said, I've been enjoying the heck out of Galaxy Trucker for Android lately. It's obviously possible to make great mobile games, so I'll keep my fingers crossed... But they're clearly angling for IAP here, and there be dragons."
"SteamOS itself is just a version of Linux (Ubuntu derivative), but Valve's move to Linux compatibility (both with Steam and their Source Engine) have resulted in a *lot* of low level work. An OpenGL debugger (really big real, debugging OpenGL is a shitshow), a Vulkan compatible GPU driver, improvements to input drivers, and probably a bunch of other stuff I don't know about.

http://www.linuxveda.com/2014/03/13/valves-opengl-debugger-now-github/

http://phoronix.com/scan.php?page=news_item&amp;px=Valve-Intel-Vulkan-Driver

http://phoronix.com/scan.php?page=news_item&amp;px=MTU4OTM

http://blogs.valvesoftware.com/linux/faster-zombies/

""Just a version of Linux"" is really is really underselling their Linux work, SteamOS is a much bigger project than sticking a Valve logo on Ubuntu.

In an unrelated area that people aren't mention much, there's also their Vive VR headset with HTC, which is supposedly hitting the market before the Oculus Rift. But that all depends on whether the project runs on Valve Time or not."
"Is this guy fucking serious? I mean look I'm not all about everyone flipping out about this but why can't these guys understand how bait and switch these practices are. If this isn't what the game is going to look like or if there is a strong possibility its not going to look like this don't tell people this is what it looks like. I'm sorry I do respect CDPR, but bullshit is bullshit even if it comes from someone I do respect."
I'm fine with this but really hope they release the entire trilogy in one package instead of trying to sell all 3 games individually.
"Yep, a friend of mine has been *very* into Clash of Clans for probably a year now. Growing up, he was someone that would spend money on a bunch of different games which obviously adds up. Fast forward to today, he has a job, social life, all the things we get once we become adults, etc. etc., and he doesn't really have the time or desire to put into traditional games. As he puts it, he doesn't spend all that money on a bunch of different games anymore and instead he splurges on CoC once and a while."
"When they finally moved over to Steam (two years too late), they had a massive gameplay update that added loadouts and global ammo and all kinds of crap http://www.quakelive.com/forum/showthread.php?37858"
Also the convenience factor. If your kid is having a sleep over or hanging out with their friends at the park you dont have to go through the trouble of finding out some one else's phone number or not being able to get in reach. Also there's the added benifit that you can just get rid of a landline and just add your kids onto a family plan that is most likely cheaper.
"I was upset at my girlfriend a while ago for not only playing Candy Crush all the time but also whining about the delays before she was allowed to play again.

Her phone was already rooted for Adblock and deleting bloatware apps, so I downloaded some cheat engine app and figured out a way to remove the Candy Crush delays. Now she could play as much as she wanted.

She didn't want to play much after that for some reason."
"Everyone acted like it was the end of the world when it happened with Dark Souls 2 (the cut lighting engine).

Hyperbole is all over /r/games."
"The primary issue at work there isn't the viability of the casino model in general, but an over saturation of the market as everyone believes it's a sure thing and tries to jump in for a piece of the action."
Mobile game studios don't seem very sustainable. A lot of the big names are in trouble already. Zynga and Rovio etc.
"Take this with a grain of salt, but apparently the same guy who leaked this (Scarabd) said **all three games are coming**."
"&gt;CDPR should just either ignore these downgrade accusations rather than respond to them. 

Oh...you know...be honest and open and admit that the ""next gen"" consoles cannot preform like MS/Sony claim they can and that they had to scale back things."
Right there with you. Its so hard to keep expectations reasonable when I read all this stuff or when I see Sean's (developer) eyes light up with excitement anytime he talks about the game.
"I think you missed the point.

The console version is ""downgraded"" because it cannot run, true. But I think people are more concerned about the PC version and its graphical quality."
"I'm sure they are coming, it would be silly to release just one. Question is do they aim to sell them all individually or all in one package."
"But there was never any setup where you could pay money to get ahead... until the AH appeared in D3, and well, we all know how that went.  hint: they removed it and the game is a billion times better now."
"They are REALLY big in japan and other asian countries, I think because they spend most of their time not at home. 

In japan lots of kids/teenagers have after school clubs and things they do, along with the weekends they still go to school mostly. Adults work long hours and go out to the bar many nights. Along with the fact the majority of people use public transportation vs driving. So you have a large influx of people who are on their phone vs going home to play games. "
"&gt;the issue is no longer about the downgraded graphics, it's about CDPR not properly owning up to that fact.

This. A simple ""the consoles were not powerful enough for our vision so we had to scale back our ambition"" would be good enough for alot of people."
"I'm really surprised at how bitchy people have become over this situation.  Things change during the development process and all that fun shit.  I really don't care if the small little things aren't there.  The game still looks fucking incredible.  Just have to remember that reddit will always make a small situation seem way bigger than it is.  95% of the people that buy this game won't give two shits about the ""downgrade"""
"You must not have played any MGS game. And all of them have been good. Also, PT was great. Silent hills had enormous potential. "
"What's funny, they bundled their trailers with the other stuff and it's available now for anyone that got the game on GoG."
"He's suggesting the studies on gambling I believe. The gambling whales are more aware and okay with the purchases than the exploited dollar lottery tickets tax-on-poor kind of gamblers. The whales also are that which the casinos (and gaming companies) desire. Only thing I could google on it suggested 2% of gamblers make up 25% of the winning (and more importantly losing) at casinos, but the biggest spending subset of that has higher income and consumer happiness than other groups carrying debt or otherwise not able to incur the losses."
"Like /u/zWeApOnz said:

&gt;the issue is no longer about the downgraded graphics, it's about CDPR not properly owning up to that fact."
"Actually, this is the thing I read last year. It's a specific gaming study: http://www.gamesindustry.biz/articles/2014-04-01-free-to-play-whales-more-rational-than-assumed"
"The only way to create a trailer that 100% accurately represents the final product is if... the final product is already 100% complete!

Following this rule would mean that gameplay trailers would only ever be released ~1 month before the game is released. And I'm not sure that's reasonable or wanted by anyone either."
"Thank God I'm not alone. The game look gorgeous, they published tons of gameplay videos in the last month. It doesn't look *exactly* like the trailers? They could have made the game look like that if the hardware to do that was available.A GTX 980 is needed to run this ""downgraded"" game. Jose Teixeira, one of CDPR artists, said they had some neat ideas for the clouds, fog, etc... But with current technology it's not playable.How could they know what the future hardware would be able to do three years jn advance? "
I believe the point he is trying to make is that the PC version suffers because of the current generation consoles. Even a great team like the witcher guys would probably make some sacrifices to save some time and money if need be.
[This](https://soundcloud.com/newyorker/no-mans-sky-creature-vocal) is the funniest thing I've heard in a while.  
"I just wonder when the mobile crash a-la 1983 is coming, because that was all about Atari allowing its developers to completely oversaturate the market with crap titles (the shovelware of its day).

Personally I hope it happens, because the 1983 crash led directly to the creation of the NES and a new gaming golden age."
"to be fair, Dark Souls was particularly egregious because I have a feeling the balance of the game was set completely off when torches became unnecessary for vision."
"Source on the Sony saying ""true HD is 1080p and 60 fps"" talk last generation  because last generation they weren't able to hit 1080 themselves.

A lot of the /r/pcgaming crowd is going to be saying what you are saying due to yesterdays post about the ""insider"" revealing why Witcher was downgraded (saying exactly what you posted), and I don't think it's true.

If they were catering to the lowest common denominator, then why were PS4 review copies sent out and not Xbox One?  Shouldn't X1 be finished first then PS then PC using that line of thinking?"
"But that is what graphics options are for. If you dont have a computer that can run with it on ultra, then you bump it down to high, then high to medium and so on.

This way, in a year or five when you upgrade your computer you can go back and play it on high/ultra and be like ""wow, it is a brand new game""."
"""The final version of the game will look better than what can be seen in the latest screenshots – no matter the platform."" - CDP

This guy sounds exactly like a liar caught in his lies.
"
"Something like 50% of alcohol sales are bought by people who drink the equivalent of 10 beers a day. 

In other words, 

1/2 of budweiser's revenue is from people who consume more than two bottles of wine,  each, at dinner. Or almost an entire pint of whiskey. "
"&gt; Then what the hell were you showing us

A trailer 2 years prior to the games completion. 

As much as I understand the aggravation against game devs misleading people over the quality of their games in trailers when you're that far out from from the final product it's not dishonest to have to take planned graphical enhancements or game mechanics out between those dates if for one reason or another they weren't viable. 

the game isn't out yet and CDPR are for forth coming with the changes. It's when the downgrades are a surprise after buying it that there's an issue of honesty. "
I'm just curious how many people in here bitching are the same people that will say in other threads that developers shouldn't spend so much money on graphics and should instead focus on gameplay.
That made many of the game's areas much uglier and completely destroyed one of the most hyped-up new gameplay mechanics. Should it have simply been ignored?
"Console gaming is like going out to a nice restaurant to eat. Nice ambiance, generally good service, relaxing and convenient but somewhat pricey.

PC gaming is like grocery shopping and cooking at home. Freshest ingredients, you choose the healthiness of your food, seems expensive at first but if you're good at it, it's the most cost-efficient way to eat.

Mobile gaming is like shopping at convenience stores to eat. Generally the worst food for you set at the steepest price margins. Really expensive for what you get but if you're lazy you don't care. 

Right now, the gaming industry is jumping on mobile gaming because it's still developing. It'd be like if the US didn't have tons of 7/11s, Circle Ks, AMPMs, and QuikTrips everywhere. Someone would fill that void. The truth is all of these avenues are going to remain popular so we might as well live with the mobile gaming aspect. I feel bad for the people that's diet consist of convenience store food, but in the end it's their choice and there's a reason why those stores are so successful. There's a demand for them. "
I don't think the IP is important. Another studio can make a game with gameplay inspired by Metal Gear but with its own original characters and setting. I think that's a good thing actually. 
"Also, I don't think it helped that the opening areas of Dark Souls 2 were unusually awful-looking. The environments looked a bit better as you got into the game, but the areas in the very beginning looked worse than the first game."
"The problem with your theory is that those games are so cheap to make that even minimal revenue would be enough to sustain the market. 

The movement to digital distribution makes it far cheaper to do this sort of shit. 

Out side a code monkey's salary, what are the costs? Heck, you don't even need a facility if you just sub out the work. "
"I think a lot of the backlash is because CDPR is held to such high of a standard, which they themselves helped create. Vows to not have paid dlc, Both W1 and 2 got massive updates for free, and now W3 has reasonably priced expansions. Cue backlash. Yeah, I'm a bit disappointed that W3 won't look as good as once shown, but there's no way I'd be able to play the game at that fidelity. I bought the most powerful consumer-grade GPU for this game, and I still can't play at max/1080/60 if we're including hairworks. I'd love to see the specs of everybody complaining about this."
"See, the thing there is, the crash will be on the console and PC end.  The absolutely stupid cost of AAA gaming is what is driving this flight to mobile gaming in the first place.  The repetitiveness and timidity of AAA developers too financially afraid to take any risks is the real driving force behind this.  You call mobile gaming shit and pointless, yet companies like EA, Ubisoft, and even Rockstar keep making the same basic game over and over.  And if you think people are suddenly going to abandon their devices and the games on them, you REALLY have another thing coming.  "
"A remastered Gears of War series (with additional content hopefully) would definitely sell an Xbone for me. 

I tried to play Gears 3 lately and it was completely dead. Zero people online. It was sad. I love the series."
"Uh. I'm no expert in the industry, but unless my memory is very much mistaken, making a shitty-pay-to-win-game and getting as much money as possible before abandoning it IS a very financially viable strategy. 

These guys just have to develop a shitty game and rehash it 100 times over. This time it's ""Shadow of China Dynasty Online"", a card collection, micropayment based game. 6 months later, once the population of Shadow of Chine Dynasty Online dies down ... out comes ""Space Dynasty Legion Online"". A -you guessed it- card collection, micropayment based game. With large reused assets that were just given some mild Photoshop work to better fit the new theme. Repeat ad infinitum. "
"I think that's only half right. Mobile games are lower risk and have faster development cycles. If they fail, its not as much of a loss. When  a AAA game fails its a huge loss. That's why its appealing to Konami and other companies. I think that there will continue to be plenty of game developers that remain interested in high risk high reward products. 
"
Flop? They already made their money. They can just put out a screen saver and call it a day. That's why early access is bs
This isn't surprising at all. If you're a  software business you focus on the platforms that are most profitable for you. The market segment of people who have a PC that runs significantly better than modern consoles isn't as large as people think. Its also a lot easier to produce something for a specific hardware spec.  In the end they made a great game across multiple platforms. Their only mistake here is making these public statements opening up a dialogue that is utterly meaningless. 
"No way they sell them individually, especially since there's 4 halo games in one package. People would be thrown off, confused, and one of the games would suffer from being sold separately (2)."
"So misleading customers is okay as long as it wasn't their intention? I couldn't give less of a shit about their hopes and dreams, they presented a preview of a product to sell it in advance and then they delivered a lesser product. Those are the facts, their intentions are irrelevant."
"To be fair, I'd argue that companies really should stop releasing trailers so goddamn pre-emptively. It would've prevented stuff like this and the Watchdogs fiasco (because, they would've been developing on proper hardware at that point, and thus their trailers could've been genuine gameplay). 

I mean, did the trailer really *need* to come out two years before? Hell, films get along fine and the furthest out they release a trailer is usually a year from release (and even then, some people say it's overkill). "
"If I remember correctly, the 2013 demo as classified as a ""gameplay demo"". Therefore implies a playable build of the game. It did exist and they falsely advertised a product. Its really that black and white.

If devs want to pull this sort of thing and be legit, they would label all demos as tech demos . Sadly they are not doing this and misleading people in the process. "
Holy crap that is impressive. That last sound clip legit sounds like some sort of rain forest. I wish someone had played it for me without telling me what it is because I don't think I would've known it was fake.
So it's okay when CDPR does it? Ubisoft got absolutely shat on for watchdogs. The double standards are real.
"&gt; Google ignored that 2048 is a clone of Threes and failed to do anything about it.

What? Why *should* they do anything about it?"
"&gt; A GTX 980 is needed to run this ""downgraded"" game

No, a 660 is required while a 770 is recommended. Going up to a 980 or even SLI there is a lot of headroom, consider that the build was playable on hardware that is two years old now"
"Have you seen the recommended specs for witcher 3 ? No lower to mid range machine would be able to max it so it doesn't change a single bit. The fact that a game has a ultra setting with beautiful graphics doesn't mean it's not playable on lower rigs and this is why pc games have graphics options. Remember crysis 1 ? Ultra settings were impossible to run at 60fps at the time but it was just icing, high was achievable at 60fps for someone with a good machine and even at low/medium it was better looking than 90% of what you could find on the market. I really don't understand your point. PC gaming is all about scalability, and having really high quality graphics doesn't mean that mid-range machines won't be able to run it. It's like you think that because the graphics are impressive they didn't bother to make graphics options for people other than those whith the best hardware available, and you know what, in this case this is exactly the opposite. They chose to make a single version of the game for 3 platforms and they couldn't use the ultra high quality assets they already created, making the game easier to run on lower settings but abandoning those who legitimately expected more because they were promised more. 

And that is not accounting how you conveniently forget that the assets were already made and that it was their vision of the game from the beggining that they decided to change when consoles came out and they noticed they weren't as good as they tought. "
"Not really, because they've had tons of final product footage well before it's release. If anyone has pulled the wool over gamers' eyes, it's the gamers themselves.

Don't buy the game if you're so mad about it."
"I don't mind the downgrade, stuff like this always happens in game dev, but I do mind the heavy double standard.

This sub went crazy for weeks when Ubisoft did the exact same thing but now that CDPR did it it isn't as bad."
"Makes you wonder what today's ""heyday"" library is going to be. If you can even still access it 20 years from now."
"&gt; When you make a trailer you present the game in a way you hope/think it will look like. Unfortunately like with many things in life, reality often disagrees with your vision and you're forced to make compromises.

And we call those compromises ""visual downgrades""

Unless we dont want to call it that.  Then it's unfair for you to compare our advertising to our product."
"Chiming in.  I believe there is a vast ([VAST](http://mcgarnagle.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/vlcsnap-00149.jpg)), silent, majority who don't participate in any part of this ridiculousness.

There is no point to arguing on the internet.  Full stop.  

So you don't see the sea of people who just want to play fun games and wouldn't even contemplate getting into a discussion about particle effect density because there is simply no point.  The game isn't even out yet."
"That healing health bar placement is egregious.

Game still looks fun, though. She basically looks like a more active TF2 medic."
Well that is really unfortunate and damning... the angry planes mod was on this sub not too long ago. It looked fun :(
"* There has been lots of ""post downgrade"" footage.  It's not like they're making some sudden switcharoo.

* I guarantee you that we won't find a hidden version of the witcher 3 that actually looks like the trailers, and runs better than the release version.

* Also, a CDPR dev is openly admitting that this ""downgrading"" did take place in some way or another.  Whereas Ubisoft blatently lied, and denied the accusations over and over again.

* The graphical downgrade is much smaller than what happened with watchdogs, and even afterwards The Witcher 3 still looks amazing.  (and is supposed to run very well.)

Take your pick."
"&gt;probably because their customer base is either dying off of old age or getting their fix on mobile devices

Nah.  The American Gaming Organization [shows](http://www.americangaming.org/industry-resources/research/fact-sheets/gaming-revenue-10-year-trends) overall casino revenues rising year-over-year, peaking in 2007, taking a moderate dip in the recession, and then hitting 2007 levels again in 2012, which is the most recent year they have figures up for.

The problem for casinos isn't that people aren't gambling, it's that there are simply too many casinos in too many states now.  Back when Atlantic City and Las Vegas were the only major gambling destinations, casinos made an absolute fortune.

These days, though, casinos are everywhere, and they're competing each other into insolvency.  If you want an article on the subject, it's the topic of your own Bloomberg link."
"Oh Castlevania will get some love alright. ""Would you like to whip your whip? One whip costs 4 Stamina which you get one of every day. Or you could get a deluxe stamina pack for 500 dracucoins!"""
"Jesus, everyone here is so negative and cynical. What happened to just being excited about how a game is being made?"
"Can confirm. AVG picked up the malware earlier. I didn't give it much thought till I saw the thread on [r/GrandTheftAutoV_PC](http://www.reddit.com/r/GrandTheftAutoV_PC/comments/35xjyk/psaalexander_blade_confirms_noclip_mod_and_angry/)

[AVG report](http://puu.sh/hN6Mi/95d4d53259.png). I've gone through regedit and used various anti-viruses and followed this [guide](http://www.reddit.com/r/techsupport/comments/33evdi/suggested_reading_official_malware_removal_guide/) and haven't seen it since, but I'm afraid to login on anything. Tempted to do a reformat. "
"How did the mod maker think this wouldn't come out? Modders by nature have an above average level of computer competence, they are capable of installing and troubleshooting content not created by the original publisher. Even Nigerian princes know to target the lowest common denominator."
"Indeed, it is *a* future, not *the* future. It's a bit of a False Dilemma: Big mobile gaming and Big console/traditional gaming can coexist. It doesn't have to be strictly one or the other."
"Nope. I work in a studio that makes mobile games. Lots of guys that I work with have a background in PC and console games. At the end of the day, it's all software development, and it's about the same, regardless of the platform that you're developing for.

Are there aspects of the gaming industry as a whole that are exploitative? Absolutely. Overtime runs rampant, crunch sucks, and QA is underpaid. Are these problems specific to mobile development? Absolutely not."
"""Also, a CDPR dev is openly admitting that this ""downgrading"" did take place in some way or another. Whereas Ubisoft blatently lied, and denied the accusations over and over again."" People have been badgering CDPR to admit the downgrade for a year. I don't mind the downgrade really, but CDPR repeatedly lying to me I do mind."
"&gt; There has been lots of ""post downgrade"" footage. It's not like they're making some sudden switcharoo.

There were also lots of ""post downgrade"" footage prior to watchdog's release"
"I dont know what trailer the ""Sword of Destiny"" trailer is. But wasn't there like 30 min of ""game play"" that showed much better graphics then what we are seeing now. If it was playable at that point then there was an downgrade somewhere between then and now.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4ony2r0QFs That is the 35 min of gameplay I think everyone is comparing the release version to."
"Almost certainly not, to answer your question.

That said, it is unlikely we will see such dramatic increases as we did last generation because the architecture this time is A) more similar between PS4 and Xbox and B) much more similar to PCs than PS3 and 360. The weirdass architecture of the last generation meant that as developers got better at exploiting its oddities and circumventing its weaknesses they could squeeze a lot more out of it. This time there are fewer tricks to learn.

That's my layman's understanding from reading others' comments on the subject; if someone is more informed please expand or correct me."
"They don't think it will never come out. All that is important is using it to gather as much information as possible before it does.

Modders by nature are also prone to installing all kinds of stuff on their computer. It makes them a very tempting target, especially inexperienced ones that are more likely to follow whatever is popular on the internet."
"No you couldn't. The ""fix"" was mostly just a bunch of terrible bloom effects and depth of field. So tired of seeing this. 

"
"That's the kind of logic I'd expect for Ubisoft after the Watch Dogs debacle. Pretty disappointing to see them try to excuse it away rather than just being honest about it. They had to cut features for consoles; it's disappointing, but understandable. "
"As long as mobile games remain just as profitable and just as easily developed, I think we will see more developers jump aboard the mobile gaming bandwagon like Konami has. While the two forms of entertainment *are* arguably different, it doesn't mean a damn thing if developers realize that -by developing mobile games instead- they can make just as much money (or more!) as a traditional video game with a quarter of the effort and development/upkeep cost. 

And these are games that they can milk for *years* with minimal, low-effort updates during those years. An average, traditional video game is essentially close-to-dead a year after its hit the shelves."
"I actually thought the dude's reasoning was sound, and there was probably even more going on that they had to change that he couldn't talk about because it would go over most people's heads. 

I remember when a dev went off on the alpha/beta community in Secret World because people kept demanding to have more graphics sliders than they did, but in doing so it would open up a lot more issues because a number of graphic features are so intertwined that tweaking one without the other would literally break the game. I remember one had something to do with the method of lighting, where one type of lighting would need to do certain things to the z-buffer, while another would need a different approach in the z-buffer, plus several other settings related to the shaders for that type of lighting. So they kept things clumped in general sliders for ""Shadow Quality"", ""Lighting Quality"", etc, so that things were properly adjusted.

If people actually watched the video the dude said that certain features present in the 2013 build caused discomfort after any kind of extensive play (and who is really gonna play a game like this for 15 minutes), they updated the shaders to PBR to provide a more realistic look, which will change the aesthetic slightly (Star Citizen did the same thing).

But this whole ""Witcher-Gate"" is people who scream ""come on game dev's, it's not THAT hard""."
"It won't happen that way, the market is too aware of it. Gaming is in a different place. Back in '83, there was only one gaming vertical - consoles. People didn't know gaming as a culture or industry like they do today. If mobile gaming collapses, an NES won't come, because the PC and console verticals are doing strong on their own. Mobile would collapse, and there would be a massive talent and energy shift in the industry, but it wouldn't be the Big Bang like the NES was."
"Don't base it off the VGX trailer, let's base it off the 35min demo. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xx8kQ4s5hCY Did that not exist too? The OP is right it is a cop-out.

Editing in the new PC ultra gameplay https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hv0gJ8DpUd0&amp;t=11m38s that bear looks like it's a place holder model, and the game itself could have come out in 2012."
The point is that when you look at these game's revenue you see that the whales account for some large percentage (40-60%) which means the games MUST have been designed with the intent of finding and exploiting a few mass spenders.
"I disagree, there was PC gaming back then as well, on Apple ][ systems, Commodore 64s, and IBM clones.  Not to mention arcades were HUGE."
"This is what I thought too.  Where I'm from, you used to have to travel to Reno or Vegas for the big casinos.  Now there are more casinos that keep popping up or expanding all the time, there is not as much reason to travel to Nevada if all you want to do is go to a big casino."
Easily the best part about this mess is that Bunnyhop is getting so much more publicity. He puts so much effort into his videos.
"Will people even want to?  I'm guilty of enjoying the occasional F2P, but in my view these games are completely disposable.  One goes down, and it's replaced by multiple games so painfully similar that it doesn't matter."
"This is a great and bold move as stated in the pros and cons in the announcement. This game is exactly the type of game that will benefit from mods the most. I haven't got the game yet but it's been on my watch list for some time. I will probably get it when it's in a more complete state, at least in late beta."
"Not really. With rare exceptions, mods are pretty easy to install, and fall into three categories

* Copy the files from this zip into that fodler
* Double click this installer
* Install a mod manager and basically use ""an app store""

It all boils down to being able to follow very basic instructions, which doesn't really need much more than figuring out how to download and install the game in the first place."
"Wait, the game is going to launch already? I remember seeing it in early alpha just last year or something. "
"It looks like a dedicated healer class for the most part.        
MY only complaint is the healing UI.         
Who thought that would be a good idea to make it cover nearly all of her vision       
       
I really like the mechanics of flying and floating while healing"
"The last generation systems had some really unique parts in them, especially the cell processor. This generation the systems are really just PC's, and not very good ones. We will still see some small optimizations, but nothing huge."
"If you're going to have a trailer for a game and mark it as ***gameplay footage*** then it better be exactly what the game will look like, yes."
"Yeah. If I recall correctly, the Watch Dogs trailers that people were upset about were just one or two trailers from E3. The rest that were made afterwards looked like the final game."
"People who no longer work at Konami:

Hideo Kojima, creator of the Metal Gear series, the Zone of the Enders series, and the Boktai series (Reputedly departing after Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain).

Hitoshi Akamatsu, creator of the Castlevania series.

Koji Igarashi, creator of the Metroidvania-style Castlevania games.

Keiichirō Toyama, creator of the Silent Hill series.

Masashi Tsuboyama, director of Silent Hill 2.

Yoshitaka Murayama, creator of the Suikoden series.

The top directors at developer Treasure, all once Konami employees. When you look at a Treasure game, you're looking at a game Konami *might* have made in another universe, but didn't, because those guys don't work for them anymore.

Note that I can't find extensive information on the folks behind the Contra series, Gradius series, and Dance Dance Revolution series. They may still work for Konami... but I wouldn't be surprised if they've all left too.

The Konami that exists now is not the Konami we all love from our childhoods. If they're shifting their focus to mobile, it's probably because they don't have much left to offer mainstream games anymore anyway."
"Which is a great analogy for what will happen in the mobile game market too. There's no way this current model is sustainable, especially as large companies like Konami start getting into it."
"Who else would you add?  TB, Yahtzee, and maybe Jim Sterling are the only others I really pay attention to."
"Damn right! I really want to commend SuperBunnyHop for jumping in like this, to provide us with insights and in depth information that otherwise could come on empty hands, also he puts so much detail in everything, the way the script is written, the jokes wittingly always in context, the editing, the fact that he uses 720p when he prefers the video to be focused on discussion and not on gameplay (notice that he also only uses the 60fps option when the need is there, he doesn't spam it like everyone else, sometimes unnecessarily).   
  
SuperBunnyHop is a behemoth of a channel, and I hope it gets all the attention it deserves, this guy sounds like he's adamant on not letting himself go down the cheesy video route. Just my opinion.   
  
I also love how he ends every video with some kind of meaningful comment that allows one's mind to collect on what the video was about."
"That's not true. PCs were a second vertical, and they were mostly unaffected by the crash. In fact, one of the reasons the crash happened was because computers were aiming directly at the console market. A Commodore 64 could do everything contemporary consoles could and more (except load a game within 1 minute), and was around the same price."
"The comment you're replying to is about *making actual games*. It's a bit early to know if Star Citizen falls into that category.

They didn't earn $82 million selling an awesome software product. They got $82 million selling promises and dreams that have yet to be fulfilled."
"The only other one I would personally add - and this is a little controversial - is Extra Credits.  I don't always agree with their opinions, but it tends to be very thought provoking.

Formerly I held Adam Sessler above any other game journalist.  Hope that guy is doing well, because I miss his reviews."
"&gt; There has been lots of ""post downgrade"" footage. It's not like they're making some sudden switcharoo.

Exact same things happened with Watch Dogs.

&gt; Whereas Ubisoft blatently lied, and denied the accusations over and over again.

What they denied was that they purposefully downgraded the PC version to be more on par with consoles.  They have admitted that they turned certain features off, after some modders discovered dormant settings that weren't being used in the game, but claimed it was due to optimization issues or other reasons.   

&gt; The graphical downgrade is much smaller than what happened with watchdogs, and even afterwards The Witcher 3 still looks amazing.

Personally, I feel like Watch Dogs still looked great.  It wasn't the graphics that was the problem with that game, but rather some of the gameplay elements in general."
"Work in progress doesn't mean the game's not in a playable state, though, which is what he's claiming.  "
"I think this is a good point. Thanks to devs seeing the success of Inafune kickstarting *Mighty No. 9* (even if it doesn't turn out as good as Mega Man...), we're seeing things like Yuka-Laylee and Bloodstained pop up. Even if the major publishers of years gone by hold the rights to all the old IPs and take them to the grave, all the minds *behind* those IPs are not beholden to them and can find success elsewhere now. This may even help drive them to create *new* amazing IPs."
"They are however still using ""pre downgrade"" images in their marketing materials and trailers. So that's not really okay.

edit: too many howevers"
"I'll add [Errant Signal](https://www.youtube.com/user/Campster/videos) to that list as well.  

He's not really a journalist but he's incredibly articulate and I always learn something from his videos."
"&gt; Is this just complaining for the sake of complaining?

Yes.  You'll find that this happens a lot in the gaming community."
"I think the big interesting point brought up has to be that Youtube was the one that disputed the claim and put the video back, before SuperBunnyHop even had a chance to get a proper response from Konami. Youtube has in the past totally disavowed all responsibility for videos and takedowns prefering the system to be an automated system, and left it up to the rights holders and youtubers to sort things out."
"Try this guy, [Errant Signal](https://www.youtube.com/user/Campster/videos) He often raises some good points.  
Also [Goldvision](https://www.youtube.com/user/pr1me4), often makes some introspective studies on human condition and videogames."
"No you aren't alone. It's very disappointing how many people in our hobby do this. A piece of marketing 2 years ago is irrelevant when they have continuously released more marketing showing the game in its current state. How people can muster the energy to be pissed over this type of thing is hilarious. I wish I could go back to years and find a picture they took and ask them why they are mis representing themselves to be 20 pounds lighter and have better hair.

I think companies can shut this all up by just putting ""concept trailer"" in the corner or whatever. Like hey we are in the middle of development. We took months out of our very busy schedule to polish up a portion of our game to show you at e3. This is what we think we can manage with this. Because apparently people still don't understand that's what trailers at e3 are... I think that's dumb but whatever. Some people would rather be outraged than spend some time looking at it from the other side."
"&gt; This was the case here and it will be the case in other media too. 

What about in the case of [35 Minutes of Gameplay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4ony2r0QFs)?

That's a demonstration, not a ""trailer""."
"""Are all models and textures the same?""

Yes, there’s only one version, without it we wouldn’t be able to deliver the game on time. We would have to strip it down, build and test separately on all 3 platforms which is infeasible. To we do it all on one foundation and then distribute it to all devices.

We manage the memory differently on platforms that have less of it. Less complex models are loaded, it all depends on what happens on the screen at given moment. To sum it up there are not many differences between PC, PS4 and Xbox One, they rather fix certain problems than change the configuration""

http://forums.cdprojektred.com/threads/33437-GRYOnline-pl-interview-with-CDPR-studio-lead-Adam-Badowski-translation?highlight=badowski"
"Yes but if it was a work in progress and the work they did was removing graphical features to make it more stable on consoles, then there literally was a downgrade."
"The biggest problem with his argument is that he basically tries to bail out of the criticism by using a pointless semantic distinction of optimization vs downgrade. The point is that there was a noticeable gap in quality between what was ultimately made playable in the hands of consumers and what was initially represented. People don't like that gap, and perhaps more developers should err on the side of caution when it comes to over vs under representing the product in trailers."
"It's important to note that people who have followed the game closely and taken part of the official forum might have [this](http://i.imgur.com/sR4ob8S.png) post in mind when they look at the old trailers and compare them to gameplay shown on youtube and other sites.

[Trailer number one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqQ3LeBgGDM) mentioned in the post,

and

[Trailer number two](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtVdAasjOgU) mentioned in the post.

Whether the final version matches those trailers or not is of course a subjective matter, but it feels like an overwhelming majority of the vocal community agrees that it's not up to snuff. The fact that a lot of people hold the opinion that the trailers weren't true to their word is of course bad in itself, but when CD PROJECT RED representatives have made recent promises that this wouldn't be the case, it hurts even more."
"I actually warmed up to the healing UI 5 minutes in.  I think it's necessary for easier swapping of the health/damage beam.  Hopefully people that don't like it will be able to minimize it, but as it stands, I don't think it's that bad."
"Basically this game started small and has been iterating, and if you look on the bottom of that page the sneak preview of planets - this game is going to truly turn into those space games that a lot of us have been waiting for. We have procedurally generated games on the horizon like No Man's Sky, we have games that turned into engines like Infinity from I-Novae Studios, and here we have an unassuming game where development started and let you dick around in space going full source code access with planets and an endless universe to explore. 

I highly recommend this game to basically everyone, especially with all the constant improvements and additions. They have free weekends often enough, which is when they hooked me in for a no brainer purchase."
"The chosen platform to be prioritized is the one that has the highest potential day one sales, which would be PS4. "
"Witcher 3 was originally way beyond what the consoles can handle, and had to be adapted so it could actually run on them. Same happened with Watch Dogs and other examples of the dev's original builds being way out of the consoles' league.  
So yes, you could say it ""hit their limit"". But then again every single game this generation has done it since day 1.

Consoles have fixed specs and are limited by definition. This generation of consoles particularly sports hardware designed for low energy consumption notebooks. You can imagine then exactly how much power developers have available to work with.  
When you see late games looking better than early games in a given generation it's because of two reasons. One is of course newer engines are better coded, making better use of the underlying hardware. Another is that devs cut corners where it ""doesn't matter as much"" in favor of other features (It's why they for example always have to choose between resolution vs framerate). In many cases the console version of a game is comparable to the PC version running on low or medium.

Early X360 games were in many cases rendered at 1280x720 with some actual AA, whereas at the end of the generation many of the better looking games were rendered at 1024x576 or similar absurdly low resolutions with postprocessing filters in place of AA, simply because there was no other way to get the game in a playable state while retaining the intended visual fidelity.

Games on the PS4/XBone already need to be rendered at 1600x900 to barely get a stable framerate of 30fps (Many times even less) with graphics that are, again, similar to low or medium in the PC version."
"Well I can tell you that what's been released so far is very good, but you're just repeating what I already said. They made the money by promising something with quality and depth. The point is that people are looking for quality games more than ever, and backing the desire with their wallets.
"
"I've used that mod.

Can someone please break down for non-advanced PC users what they should do? Should I change every password on my PC?

edit: forgot to add, modder is a fucking cunt if this is true.

edit2: here are the instructions from forum on how to remove:

- 1. Press Ctrl+Shift+Esc, go to processes, and end the csc.exe process.
- 2. Go to your Temp folder at ""C:\Users\*YOUR USER NAME*\AppData\Local\Temp""
- 3. Sort the files by date added, and find .z and init..exe and delete those.
- 4. Then find a recently made folder, should be named something like this: https://i.imgur.com/knF3dAB.png (I believe that this is a randomly generated name for each person hit) and should contain Fade.exe and delete this folder.
- 5. Type in regedit in your Start menu search, or regedit.exe using run.
- 6. Go to the path located at the bottom of this screenshot: https://i.imgur.com/bBtk8HM.png (HKEY_USERS is the first folder you expand)
- 7. Remove Shell
- 8. There are also reports that a malicious GTA5.exe is placed inside the x64 in the GTA V directory, probably related to the NoClip mod. Go to C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Grand Theft Auto V\x64 and delete GTA5.exe if it exists.
This is all that I currently know of for removing the virus, and I will try to update if more information is presented."
Four different games running four different engines spanning two console generations as opposed to three games running the same engine spanning a single console generation.
Konami knows this all too well since one of their main branches besides video games are pachinko machines.
"&gt; To be fair, I'd argue that companies really should stop releasing trailers so goddamn pre-emptively.

Counterpoint is that the consumer just needs to be less stupid, or more discerning if you like, regarding the advertising they are consuming. Companies are going to continue to advertise for as long as consumers think with their emotions and not their brains."
"Are you okay? This is an article about a New Yorker journalist who spent some time with a small team making an independent game and specifically talking about the sound design development process - which sounds quite interesting and exciting in this case. Your immediate descent to ""people like you"" and stupidity and pre-ordering seems like you're very bitter for some reason to go off ranting like that... So I ask again - are you okay?"
It just seems cynicism is overriding everything at the moment - am I not allowed to be impressed with a handful of people working on an independent game creating procedurally generated organic sounding sounds? That's all this was...
"They could make the game use all the power available in a high end PC, like the early footage did, then render it with lower quality depending on the hardware it's run, but they didn't.

What happened instead is that, to save costs, they ended up making the game based on the lowest common denominator hardware available. That is consoles.  
Low end laptops are never part of the equation because they are not considered gaming hardware."
How dare the consumer to expect to see something they show him later in the final product. How stupid of him to not be cynical and expect the developers use tricks to lie him in the face.
It's actually not more than playable. Otherwise 343I wouldn't have canceled their own tournament less than a month ago due to bugs with the game. Stop licking their nuts. They released a broken piece of shit game and still haven't fixed it.
"I don't think it will exist. Most of these games are a glorified skinner box. They rely on addictive operant conditioning to retain the attention of their users.

The perceived value of the games comes from the social aspect of competing against other people, and achieving new shiny rewards.

No one will play a specific free to play game forever so eventually the playerbase will dry up and the rewards will lose their luster as people move on. The 'magic' that made it enjoyable for people will be gone and even if the required servers are still up and running, they'll be no one to come back to them and play with."
"I think it would be unacceptable if the gameplay shown up till release date looked like the trailer, but they have shown gameplay as it will be delivered for a very long time now. If you are a consumer worried about graphical fidelity and would choose not to buy at a certain threshold, you will certainly have checked out those videos and have made a call."
"All depends on what you have typed while the mod was downloaded. 

A keylogger to my knowledge records all input from the keyboard, so if you ever input a username/password while the mod was installed, I would change that. 

Any sensitive data that you actually typed is what is at risk."
"I was really excited about this game when they first showed it at E3, but now I'm not so sure. For one, I don't like the character system that they introduced for the Alpha. In their first showing, it looked like you had 3 basic classes (something like, Assault, Breacher, and Guardian) that actually looked like real counter-terrorism teams instead of what we have now. I believe there were supposed to be some customization options like Vegas.

Also, it looks like graphics got a big downgrade, but that shouldn't be too surprising given Ubisoft's track record when it comes to E3 vs. the actual game."
"Huh..

Mine detected init.exe in the same location, and I have been using Angry Planes for a week or so now. Ran Malwarebytes and it detected a registry change, as well as a few other small threats. Fixed everything, but now I'm not 100% trusting that my machine is safe...

Ugh... Don't want to re-format tonight."
"I watched the 3 hour IGN PC Ultra footage. It isn't the same. No tessellation on the bricks in the city, bad shading people standing under trees looked like they were out in the sun, LoD butchered, FoV was much smaller, and the biggest thing, everything was bright as fuck in the 3 hour video. "
"They had ideas, not fully implemented options. That shit costs money you know, and clearly they decided the money was better spent elsewhere."
"That Siren?(edit:bruxa) Was beautifully ugly, amazing design.

edit: one day these cg trailer companies are going to say fuck it and do something feature length. This and the full version of the cg elder scrolls online trailer makes me realise how much I want it and how often they do a better job than Hollywood in some areas. 

"
"I remember back in the day alpha gameplay always looked a lot worse than the final product, not the other way around. "
"http://www.konami.co.jp/en/ir/financialinfo/sales.html
Figures in billions of Yen 

• Digital Entertainment - 104.3 [video games] 


• Health and Fitness - 76.5


• Gaming &amp; Systems - 31.6 [slot machines and other gambling] 


• Pachinko - 5.8 [""not gambling"" because loopholes]

The graphs on that page show where they may be getting this new mobile-centric approach from. Declining video game revenue, increasing gambling revenue. And I bet F2P games are a damn sight easier and cheaper to make than blockbusters like Metal Gear. 
"
Galactic Civ II was amazing. Can anyone explain to me why III has fallen off the map so dramatically? I haven't heard anything about it...
"Liken it to board games.

*Monopoly* and *Sorry!* will always sell better than *Settlers of Catan*, *Pandemic*, and *Arkham Horror*. But new ""niche"" or hobbyist board games like these keep coming out. It's a different market. The only troubling question is whether big huge AAA games will keep being a thing, as GTAV is a *lot* more expensive to make than *Settlers of Catan*."
I remember a cinematic trailer for some game was released earlier this year and people were complaining about not seeing any gameplay. Sometimes you can't win.
"Somebody on the /r/Witcher subreddit pointed this out, 

It's an elixir known as black blood. God damn this trailer is so awesome.
http://witcher.wikia.com/wiki/Black_Blood?_ga=1.98720989.275743940.1431181138"
"This was freaking insane. They did a great job of showing all of Geralt's abilities, and also didn't portray him as some sort of god. He looked human, and the fight scenes were incredible. I'm picking this up after payday! Gonna have to avoid reddit in case of spoilers haha."
I think they were planning on a shift to mobile gaming and Kojima didn't like it. This is probably what caused a huge dispute between them.
"That doesn't explain all the dev posts claiming there was ""no downgrade"", and the posts claiming the ""final game would look even better than the trailers."""
"From what I've played of it thus far, Axiom Verge is a pretty decent Metroidvania title. By far the best thing about the game is the sound design and music. That being said, I do find the art style to be a little too much for my taste. The game is visually pretty but there are times when it comes across as cluttered and muddied. There are too many things going on in the fore and background that detracts from the experience, and often times it's confusing to tell what exactly is in the foreground vs what is just a background piece."
"Awesome trailer! Really hope a big part of the game is preparing and reading up on monsters! Seems like the best way to make ""go here, kill that"" missions interesting. "
"&gt; I still miss the customization that I enjoyed from Vegas 2

He said he liked the customization, not necessarily the whole game."
"Please stop the with video compression man, you don't need it to be uncompressed to see missing tessellation, fucked up brightness, and bad shaders.I too saw the uncompressed video you're talking about, and the issues I stated are present in that video too.  And no, the FoV isn't fine, people like myself get motion sickness from games with low fov like that."
I hear that's what the harder modes are for. You'll have to prepare so you don't get your butt kicked.
As a developer I'm geeking out very hard while looking over the source code. There's a lot you can learn about best practices/techniques etc. when a professional company open sources their proprietary code. Awesome that they did this!
"The big point is no one has been fooled. They didn't try to fuck anyone, and have been very open about showing their final product. If people arent happy they can either not buy, or cancel their pre order.  

But that's too simple isn't it. People want CDPR on their knees to ADMIT a plot to deceive their fans. It's just absolute bollocks.

People can be disappointed it doesn't look as good as they envisioned it previously, but thats it. It doesn't require endless topics about it.


The game changed in development guys, it doesnt really matter why. There was a reason. Thats life. You werent tricked. Buy the game or not. Just please shut up."
"That comparison is terrible. The top one is a screenshot of the game while the second one is a screenshot of a damn video in motion **on the PS4**. They also look to have changed the color grading. The purpose of the link you gave even demonstrates PC vs mulitplat.

Just because something has a more instagram-esque filter applied to it doesn't mean it isn't suddenly better graphics, and make sure you compare the same platform...

**EDIT** This [recent video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hv0gJ8DpUd0) looks pretty damn good and the lighting is great. The ambient occlusion is much better looking. No more dark ""halo"". I am guessing some videos are running the standard SSAO setting instead of the better HBAO."
"If you've never worked in the games industry this might be hard to wrap your mind around, but yeah, oftentimes you'll be developing on top-notch machines that can handle huge textures and million-poly models all over the place, with the draw distance cranked way up and all that jazz. This is around the same time you're making trailers and showing off demo footage.

As launch approaches, time spent on optimization goes way up. Suddenly you realize you're over your polygon budget for the castle courtyard, so the corner of that one particular wall has to be simplified to have a straight edge, or you discover that you get noticeable framerate drops when the draw distance is over a certain value. Sacrifices have to be made. It's all part of the process.

&gt; It's when the downgrades are a surprise after buying it that there's an issue of honesty. 

Exactly this. The embargo lifted well before the actual release, whereas with Watch Dogs reviewers had to wait until it was already out. This all seems like a big deal over nothing to me."
This is absolutely outstanding.  I can't think of a game that has ever tried this approach before.  Very excited to start diving into this.
"The biggest problem is they are avoiding the truth. This would be over if they admit exactly what came out in the 'leak' from yesterday.

**I think at this point, all that us fans want, is some honesty.**"
That is how the games have worked until now. On normal or lower you might only use a potion for boss fights. Anything above that and you will consistently want to have some of the general purpose ones running and you'll want to plan ahead for some of the more special purpose ones.
"[Bruxa](http://witcher.gamepedia.com/Bruxa), a higher vampire, more like. Can talk, hides in a female form, beats Geralt."
"Sustainable for whom? The most qualified developers will make room by pushing out others. Konami knows mobile gaming is profitable at the moment. Development time is short and there are no expensive physical copies to ship to retailers which makes it a low risk investment. In the video game crash of 1983, the market was over saturated with low quality games so consumers stopped buying them. The mobile market has always been over saturated with low quality games so I don't think this cash cow will end any time soon."
"I really enjoyed my time with the first one. 

This looks like it will just be pure fun and nostalgia. Quite a cool idea for a game. "
"I kinda wish hard mode would give monsters more resistances rather than just morning health/damage. That way, if you fight a monster without having any idea what weaknesses it has, you get killed real fast. "
"I used to get upset about this but I just don't care anymore. Now that the real creators of those IPs are starting their own companies to produce their spiritual successors, I am absolutely thrilled that I get more of what I love without the bad management that has been trying to add mass appeal to them.

I have really high hopes for Iga's new game, and even though the beta apparently isn't that great I'm still excited to try out mighty no. 9."
"I'm sorry, but its an unacceptable solution that its the consumers job to recognize that they are being lied to.  Yes, the point of marketing is to get people excited for a product, but if that marketing is lying to comsumers then that is a serious ethics breach that the market should care about.

Now for the people in this sub who look into this stuff in detail, we may not get fooled by this, but  98% of people who buy W3 or bought Watch Dogs are not going to see this post and go into W3/WD expecting it to look like the gameplay they saw on youtube. They are getting the bait and switch and its a shitty tactic that consumers shouldn't have to be looking out for. The companies that do it should be called out. Leaving it to the consumer is effectivly rewarding the company for pulling the fast one on the majority of the market, while the remaining portion just needs to suck it up because that's just the way it is.

 I understand video games are a money making venture and a massive industry, but I refuse to accept that just because someone is trying to make money off this thing that we should be getting lied to. There are laws, regulations and standards in many other industries that make lying to consumers in advertising illegal, video games should be no different especially since they are the largest entertainment industry in the world. Google and Apple had the balls to stand up to freemium shovelware developers by revoking the ""free games"" title for in- app purchases, shouldn't be any different for video game trailers and other advertising tactics, especaily then the commercials and gameplay trailers have words ""actual gameplay"" planted on the bottom."
"Did you guys even read the article?

&gt;“To tell you the truth, no, it doesn’t give me the same feeling.” said Tnas, a gamer who has been playing on Nostalrius since the beginning of April. “It’s not even close. I started playing here on the suggestion of a close friend who I played through vanilla with, but vanilla as it happenedwas the experience. We were part of one of the most influential moments in the history of gaming, and I don’t think anything will recapture that for us.

There's no delusion. There's no mystery of the unknown anymore and everyone knows it. You guys are like the ""you know wrestling is fake, right?"" people of WoW."
"I know it makes sense from a business standpoint. Times have changed, smartphone games are more lucrative and cheaper to make. But this isn't a subreddit for business, this is a subreddit for games, so I'll put on my angry gamer hat and say anytime I see an illustrious developer like Square-Enix or Konami shift focus from console/pc to smartphone/tablet I'm massively disappointed. "
"A bruxa. (a highish order vampire ~ there are actually about 8 types in the witcher games)

He swallowed black blood.

It's basically a potion that turns your blood to poison so any vampire biting you dies but as you can see it's fairly nasty even to the witcher because it's toxic as hell..

(there are actually loads of them in Witcher 2 though you may not realise it)
"
I think it's as silly as Konami literally didn't fill out the form all the way. I don't think Youtube is suddenly going to start protecting youtubers. I'm 99% sure the automated DMCA takedown system just spit out an error in processing.
"People are desperately trying to get them into our state to get us in on the action, but there are casinos literally within an hour or two drive depending on where you live.  And I live in the southeast, ffs."
"Well, he is, being a mutant doesn't make you another species all of a sudden. In the books he often says that he's human too."
Does a fantastic job of introducing the concept of the Witcher's job as monster hunters and freaky unhealthy mutants too. So good.
I mean if it's true then he's already got a few thousand people's passwords. Doesn't sound like a failure to me.
"did they take that from the spanish word ""bruja"" for witch?

I've listened to some of the audio books.. some amazing lore behind this game.. monsters, politics, back stabbing, history etc. Can't wait for the Witcher 3.... hopefully it gets a good response for the PC version although I might wait until the patch is released before buying it."
"To add a few more that haven't been mentioned yet, [MrBtongue](https://www.youtube.com/user/MrBtongue/featured) and [Matthewmatosis](https://www.youtube.com/user/Matthewmatosis/featured) are also great. Sadly they're not as prolific as Bunnyhop and Errant Signal, let alone someone like TB."
"I LOVE this kind of CGI trailers for games. No matter which game they are made for, they are always amazingly done."
"Well now, that was a fucking awesome trailer. I love a great trailer. Phew, I'm kinda shook up after that. It's getting hard to resist this game lol."
"I definitely think this is the case. Some MSG/Kojima fan who knows about SuperBunnyHop saw the video was DMCA'ed and was like, ""daFuck?"" and went out of his way to put it back up."
"&gt;one day these cg trailer companies are going to say fuck it and do something feature length. 

Final Fantasy - The Spirits Within

It didn't turn out so well for Square"
"Konami and now Square Enix? We're losing a dynasty here people. The Japanese market doesn't seem to know what to do with consoles right now. Even [Nintendo](http://www.pcworld.com/article/2920512/nintendo-says-its-new-smartphone-games-will-drive-console-sales.html) seems to think that the mobile market is the answer for them.

This is a crazy shift, but it makes sense when you think of the area. Mobile games are HUGE in Japan, and with the relatively luke-warm console sales in the area it is understandable why they are jumping ship. That, and the mobile market is just much less risky to get in to. A triple A experience is a multi million dollar risk instead of just putting a few devs on a team in charge of pooping out ports of classic games for the mobile market or related shovelware."
the parallel between books and the game is cool as well. one of the main motive is killing simillar girl - kind of vampire monster. and he also almost dies. as well it is one of the first quests in first game i believe. really great job indeed
"I'm leaning towards this as well. If they didn't do anything when much larger Youtubers got DMCA'd by much smaller companies, why would they suddenly take a stance against Konami?

Not saying it's impossible that an actual person working for Youtube took an interest in what was happening and revoked the claim, but I find it highly unlikely."
"1999 was a long time ago.  You don't remain a know-nothing after 10+ years in the business.  By the time he joined Rev3, he was writing concise, well-spoken reviews that didn't focus on specs or background politics.  He delivered his personal experience with the game, and my views happened to line up very well with his (most of the time). 

You give an interesting counterpoint to my opinion.  It's okay if we view Sessler differently."
"Many non-f2p games are designed to be addictive rather than fun, and always have been.

Like, since gaming first started, and before that, too.

And don't forget: fun is addictive.

It's really a lot more muddied than people on reddit tend to make it sound. I feel like a lot of people have a superiority complex where their ""hardcore, passionately developed"" games are automatically better... but you can bet that developers making games like Ocarina of Time were discussing ""How do we make the player keep playing this game?"" the whole time it was in development. Rewards, seeing things off in the distance, new mechanics... all things to get people to keep playing."
"Yea moreso than the total yeilds, you need to look at the investment that goes into these sytems. Konami spends a 80 billion yen making games that make 100 billion yen vs slots which cost 1 billion to make and net them 31 billion in revenue."
"His being or not being human is subject of pretty much all discussion of allegance in both books and games IIRC, that he is human, but not quite, that he is both like ""them"" and yet so different and outcast for it."
"I got an honest question. Is it weird that these guys have 2 Early Access projects on their plates? Space Engineers and Medieval Engineers. For me personally that feels like a lack of commitment to one project, unless I'm totally wrong and Space Engineers is already feature complete."
"&gt; Most of the improvements we'll see this generation will probably happen after the arrival of DirectX12 'n Vulkan, the latter of which will probably find its way to the PS4 (provided some variant of Mantle isn't already there).

It is already there. The consoles have ALWAYS had low level APIs. Stuff like DX12, Vulcan, and Mantle will have absolutely no effect whatsoever within the console space, as they've already had such low level APIs. It's how a horseshit (I mean, utter horseshit) of an APU is able to drastically punch above its weight in terms of CPU calculations. 

I expect most of the major performance boosts to come primarily from the refinement of graphical techniques, ie more efficient, new forms of post-processing AA, tessellation, and ambient occlusion that looks similar to their more demanding counter-parts, but have far less of a performance hit. We already saw this with the new Metro games on consoles--they had a unique, new form of AA that looked close enough to MSAA, but without the huge hit. "
"Are you thinking of the Striga Adda? That fight is shown off in the witcher 1 opening cinematic and is also the first short story in the last wish. 

He does fight a Bruxa in the last wish too. I don't remember the name of the story but it is influenced by beauty and the beast"
If they know who the developer of the mod is.....and the mod contained a keylogger....doesnt that mean they know who put out this keylogger? And isn't that pretty illegal?
I love how vulnerable this trailer makes Geralt look while still making him seem badass. A lot of the time media tends to set up a character as strong by making them effortlessly defeat foes without taking a scratch. Making Geralt and the monster really take a beating makes this fight seem so much more visceral and creates an amazing atmosphere I hope they can capture in gameplay.
"Bruxa as far as I can remember is portugese and yeah, technically a witch kept young and immortal by vampirism.

There are loads of them across a lot of cultures associated with witchcraft. 

(the aswang or mandurugo is particularly cool cos it can detatch it's torso from it's legs. The torso then turns in a horrific bat thing which lands on top of a house and uses a long proboscis to eat embryonic children from the abdomen of their mothers)

"
"Matosis is great, his in depth examinations are incredible and go into a level of human psychology and fundamental gamemaking that is unmatched. He harps on details that I didn't even realize made a huge difference to the fundamental game, like the addition and subtraction of movement mechanics in the mario games. Really look forward to his stuff every month or so. "
"The story is ""A Grain of Truth"" and it's a good one. I won't spoil anything here but that story is a good representation of everything a Witcher is."
"Played it in alpha, it's very meh. I feel like they were trying to find some middle ground between rainbow six and other tactical shooters, Counter-Strike, and Call of Duty. The end result is pretty bland and arcadey console style shooter. "
I remember a room with 4 or 5 of them in the tower in Act 3. I don't recall any others. There were quite a few in the first game but I don't remember them being too threatening. Certainly not as terrifying as in this cinematic.
More competitive if anything too. When someone can remake many of the games easily it's hard to do anything that stands out. I guess they could do well if they pump a lot of art focused games as those are kinda hard to rip off but then again hard to make money on.
"Yeah, most of the R6 subreddit seemed to be in agreement that this is a travesty to the franchise. It still baffles me that they still haven't shown ANY single player! Not that it'll matter given how casualized the game has become. Eh, I still have Ravenshield. "
"Yeah, with DS2 lighting downgrade directly affected gameplay and balance because those things were based around dungeon lighting."
"Non-humans outcast him because he looks ""too human"" and humans outcast him for being mutated. Witchers can't catch a break lol"
"Chapter 1 at the bandit hideout in the swamp. (it spawns at night underneath the hanged men) and another bunch in Iorveth's path chapter 3 in the dungeon. 

Roches path has wraiths but the use the same model.

Witcher 1 obviously has loads of them cos one runs the whore house. (but she's friendly)

"
"Bruxae (3 times) and werewolves (1 time) in particular were monsters that had their unique model and drops and such, but you really had to search for them to find any."
"I'm impressed with how real some of those shots look, the girl. Like [here](http://i.imgur.com/odj4w5C.jpg) and [here](http://i.imgur.com/x1buxLW.jpg) and [here](http://i.imgur.com/OoYMsvA.jpg). All of it you can tell is CGI except for those shots of her, I can't tell it's not a real shot. It looks like really great make-up / costuming, even in motion for those few seconds."
"I'm really sick of people throwing the word ""lies"" around.  Did you guys completely miss the point of what the dev was saying?  You can't be ""lying"" to consumers if you don't actually know what you'll be able to get the final game to look like.  It's a target render, not a lie.  It's how they hope they'll be able to get their game to look at release, once all of the gameplay, physics, etc. systems are in.  Do you honestly think that those early trailers had all of the computationally taxing elements implemented?

You guys are basically saying that they had a finished game two years ago, and then the consoles came out and they were like, ""Woah nelly, these aren't nearly powerful enough!"" and spent all of their time since then scaling back the graphics to work on consoles. That's not how game development works.  There is no bait and switch going on; each new bit of footage they release is representing the game at its current highest level of detail.  Because the game is IN DEVELOPMENT, that may change.  Why is this still so difficult for people to understand?"
"I find Errant Signal to be pretty hit and miss. Some of his points are really spot on, but sometimes he comes off as being controversial for the sake of being controversial. 

That being said, I still think his videos are good, and he does help discussion, which I believe is very important."
"Bunnyhop is a trained journalist, and according to him, even comes from a family of journalists. I think I could consider him one, considering how much research he does go through for his videos. His Kojima vs Konami video was very professionally done."
"There hasn't though? The game has changed over the years, and even in the last year, but in the last few months? Since they've started the explosion of marketing? It hasn't. Nothing has been hidden. "
"Well in the books characters often refer to him as human (while also saying he's a mutant at the same time). Characters from other species too, elves say things to him like ""you humans are always so rash"" etc. while talking to Geralt."
"Have you ever heard of a gamer who isn't currently complaining about something?  No?  That's because they're not on the internet, they're playing the game."
"One of the things I love most about this game series is none of the special monsters you hunt or meet are the same they all have unique stories and characteristics. Like in the early parts of the Witcher 2 when you are asked to kill a troll that won't fix a bridge but you meet him and find out he became an alcoholic and won't fix it because someone killed his wife. It made me legitimately sad for a fictional monster so I ended up helping it find his wife's killers. I really hope this game has moments like that, I can't wait.

Edit: words"
"They've stated that one project helps the other. IIRC there were several things that the Medieval Engineers team did that the Space Engineers team thought was good and brought over to Space Engineers. 


* Compound blocks – multiple blocks being positioned into one grid cell; this will allow better ship designs
* Mechanical blocks
* Auto-generated details for some blocks (e.g. roof endings in Medieval Engineers, armor edges in Space Engineers)
* Voxel hand – a tool for modifying terrains (asteroids); you can alter shape and material
* Structural integrity
* Natural landscape
* Procedural terrain generator (this is why we were able to easily add procedural asteroids to Space Engineers)
* DirectX 11 (we decided to add PBR - Physically Based Rendering)

Is the list they listed in this blog: http://blog.marekrosa.org/2015/01/medieval-engineers_22.html


They hired new people for Medieval engineers so a new project shouldn't affect the existing one. And from the looks of things there hasn't been any negative impact because of it so far. "
"The takedown happens literally as soon as Konami submits the claim. Processing happens after the fact and it probably takes 11 hours for them to encounter the error, ask Konami about it, and re-enable the video. Particularly when this all happens in the dead of night."
"&gt; CDPR were making a game. They made it to specifications they thought the ""next generation"" of consoles might have.

It's exactly what all the rumors are saying. [This link](http://whatifgaming.com/developer-insider-the-witcher-3-was-downgraded-from-2013-list-of-all-features-taken-out-why) claims insider info.

Here's the quote of relevance:-

&gt;This landed itself into problem territory when we realized the next-generation systems could not simply meet our graphical output to the desirable level of quality that we needed. There were several options: build three different builds or consolidate to the nearest denominator, which is what we did.
"
"Yes, the theme throughout the books is that Geralt is a really good monster hunter, an excellent fighter, but he isn't invincible. He takes damage, he knows his magic is ""weak"" and he always tries to avoid fights if possible. 

This trailer and the one from Witcher 1 really showcase this beautifully."
[The PS4 actually maxes out at 5.5GB RAM for games and the X1 at 5GB for games. The rest is reserved for the OS.](http://www.techradar.com/news/gaming/consoles/ps4-vs-xbox-720-which-is-better-1127315/2)
"Well comparing to Sins, this is more of a turn based 4x game where Sins is a bit more active, almost like an RTS. 

I really enjoyed the GalCiv games for their intelligent AI, and massive universes you could create. 

I haven't tried GalCiv 3 yet, but you might consider checking out GalCiv 2 if you have an interest in 4x style games. It really is one of the greats I think. "
"I'm a PS4 developer, who's worked on mobile games in the past.

Mobile gaming is hands-down the better work environment. It's less stressful, it's less demanding, and usually it's better paid. 

I took a lower paying and harder job in console development because I'm still at the naive age where I want to make somewhat artistic games. But I agree wholeheartedly that mobile is less exploitative as an environment."
"[Platige Image](http://www.platige.com/en/cinematic/) ~~does all cinematics for The Witcher~~, and they are planning a full featured live action film with a script based on the books. If it's actually done it's going to be amazing I'm sure."
"Its not difficult to understand, and there is nothing wrong with trailers in general. But if the developers are going to label the trailers as ""gameplay trailers"" and make it look like actual game play then they are holding themselves out there to that standard. Its not like there is some legal requirement in game development that they need to churn out a gameplay trailers 2 years before release date.  If they labeled it concept footage, then no one would care. You see the term concept footage (or another term, like in-engine render ) you say ""okay this is what they are shooting for; cool."" You see there term ""game play footage"" and you say to your self ""wow so this is that the game that I will be playing at my computer will look like.""  
  
 Again, its the developers choice. If they choose to make a make a game play trailer that they can't live up to then I think they should be called out for it, no matter how far along the game is, once they say something is game play, it should be representative of the final product. If something is labeled concept footage or whatever, then changes are expected and welcome. I know this isn't malicious, and I love the Witcher series and I don't even think this is an egregious example, but the practice of pushing something that is labeled as the final product then changing that is unfair to the consumer. "
"I picked it up yesterday so I could figure out how it works before actually sitting down to play a game for real.

I played about 10 or so hours and feel like I barely scratched the surface.  I was quite enjoying it while I was playing.  Didn't experience any crashes or bugs.  Some things could use a bit of tweaking (in terms of tooltips/explanation) but mechanically it works really well."
I haven't seen any yet.  I know Quill18 started a lets play of it and has 3 or 4 episodes out.  He seemed  to have a fairly positive view of it
"From a programming standpoint, is a game like this extremely difficult to make? It seems like it would be."
If they're listening to online discussion doesn't it make more sense to keep talking about FoV instead of being quiet about it and giving the appearance that it's not important?
"The muscles are very realistic too, here is an example (it's better to see it in the video, since they change as the person moves)

[Muscles](http://i.imgur.com/4UoOSRP.png)"
"There is one in chapter 1 near the tree with an elf hanging in it.  She only appears at night.  Chapter 2 has some in the ""Little Sisters"" quest in Roche's path.  Chapter 3 has some in the ""The Secrets of Loc Muinne"" quest on Iorveth's Path."
"Warframe is a legitimate co-op MMO. It's extremely fun to get into, especially with the addictive combat. 

However it becomes a grind and repetitive. It's fun seeing the game evolve with each update, though. "
"Exactly many people see CDPR as the honest guys who made two fantastic PC games which were designed with PC in mind , their current behavior is coming off as them coming off more with a Ubisoft vibe but not completely. 

Hopefully there can be a possible ini changes for the game.

My potato can't even run the game, but it'll suck for people having rigs enough to run the game at e3 visuals and them not getting that experience."
"Mattewmatosis has the unique ability among these in-depth reviewers to swing me to his side, or at least to get me understand it completely. I feel SuperBunnyHop doesn't do as a great a job at that and often just comes across as unnecessarily cynical.

This is just my opinion however, and I still like his videos!"
"Have you played any of them before?

Because in my opinion, unless you play it on Easy, they're pretty damn difficult by default. Normal in W2 kicked my ass :("
"So far GalCiv3 feels a bit deeper then Endless Space.  Endless Space i thought was good, but it seemed like really the best way to win was conquest.  

GalCiv3 has quite a few other very interesting ways to win that so far all seem viable"
"I'm not going to hold up any reviewer as perfect, and that God Of War review is a good example where I think Adam Sessler had a misstep.  But I don't think that any one review can sum up someone's career.  Reviews by their nature are subjective, after all.  I can enjoy his reviews without always agreeing with them, as I suggested in my last post."
"Or they just watch reddit. Google probably has a bot that detects when one of their actions causes a spike in discussion on social media sites and sends someone to investigate.

At least I hope this is what happens."
"That's false, many of the trailers were 60fps and using gamepads for controls. They are obviously from the PC version. Why would CDPR make all of the trailers use a worse looking platform?"
"What I don't understand is how Konami was able to put a DMCA strike on this video if they didn't even fill out the information properly.  What the fuck is the point of having a system like this if anyone can just claim copyright on someones video and have it taken down with **NO** proof that they actually have the rights to it.

This is just further proof that Youtube's system is flawed and just a terrible way of trying to protect their own ass from the people that actually make money for them."
"The original was pretty fun to see evolving but it started to get boring rather quickly the moment you enter the 'actual game' (IE the 3D RPG part), hopefully he spices things up in the sequel."
"Normal was only difficult in Chapter 1. The game had an insane reverse difficulty curve, which sucked because easy was way too easy. Didn't stop me from playing the game 3 times though!"
"&gt;Saved passwords are encrypted and will be extremely difficult to crack. 

wrong.

locally saved passwords are plain text, or they are ""encrypted"", but due to the fact that your local software has to be able to decrypt them, that encryption is useless. You're only safe if you either have to type in another password to access your locally saved passwords, e.g. the master password for the passwords stored in firefox, or if the thing that is locally saved is not a password, but instead just a session token that is tied to your IP and has limited rights to the account and so on."
"To avoid tutorial spoilers, skip to about 4 minutes. Note that the footage has been downsampled from 4k."
"You should really check out some footage from people playing the alpha, it looks like Call of Duty with a few little additions. I was pumped after seeing that demo you're talking about too but it was completely staged. Nothing I've seen looks anything like that. There's no team tactics and you can't even move the hostage like they showed. I personally am no longer interested in this game after seeing real gameplay."
"Most businesses work this way. A small subset of your customers generate a large, disproportionate share of your revenue.

It's often presented as the 80/20 rule. 80% of your revenue comes from 20% of your customers."
"Difficult is not necessarily the term I would use. Convoluted? Expansive? Definitely a lot of work.

Basically looks like they have the ""basics"" of many classic game types all in one. None of the engines by themselves for any of those game types are particularly difficult to write (except for maybe the 3-D engine versions). However, it is definitely a lot of work for the programmers, because every segment of the game means a new ""engine,"" meaning lots of engine code in addition to scripting. Usually for a game (especially old-school 2-D style), once you get the engine done, its all about optimization and scripting. In this case, lots of extra effort on the programmers since each segment must essentially be re-programmed, even if the engine requirements aren't what I would consider to be super difficult.

The downside to this approach is that generally a lot of time is spent polishing an engine to make the game feel ""good."" With so many diff"
"Heh, if Konami really is desperate to get out of the game devlopment/publishing business they are doing a fantastic job of burning every single bridge they had to their customers.

If they do fully pull out of the video game industry and go fully into gambling machines my sincere hope is that this gets around fast and they lose as much business as possible."
Considering how much the staff moves this would be a bad idea. The bar needs to be obvious and very readable.
"To be honest it's just a horrible system to us, the common users. Google has a lot to lose if even a couple of DMCA notifications don't get immediately addressed, and considering the immensely absurd number of videos that get posted on Youtube daily I do understand why they're so trigger happy and refuse to deal with ""copyright infringement"" in a way that everyone has a say."
"Right - watching him get beat up in the opening cinematic of The Witcher 1 was actually kind of impressive. He's good, but he wins through preparation and planning rather than being a better fighter than the monsters."
"Really wish they'd reboot Gears.

Becoming skilled with the Gnasher was up there with the rest of professional gaming skills. The haptics in these games were amazing, and I really haven't found a replacement for Gears since."
"Nice to finally see some full ultra 4k settings this-is-as-good-as-it-gets gameplay. Though honestly Youtube ruins that a bit. 

Oh well, the game looks awesome! Very pretty. Hopefully my GTX970 can pull something off that looks similar at a solid 60fps (though.. definitely not at 4k). 

But now I am going to bow out of the conversation because this thread is going to devolve into a bunch of shitflinging around ""downgrades"". "
"He was human, he isn't considered human anymore in the witcher universe, as his DNA has mutated through some shit... 

How do you change your whole body's DNA material you may ask? The secret is [](#s ""it's magic, i ain't gotta explain shit!"")"
You think someone sitting at a Pachinko machine gives two shits about how the company that makes them treats their employees?
"It's quite amazing, ask me two month ago an i would have said that the game still had half a year left, but it's quite polished now,mostly bug free and it's feature complete."
"Yeah, the latter part of the game was quite a drag, especially since there wasn't much evolution going on anymore till you got to the final boss. Hope the sequel turns out to be a bit more diversified."
"I think they're definitely some of the most level-headed voices out there. A lot of Youtubers play up the righteous indignation for views, which can be pretty tiresome."
"Yeah unfortunately he did not upload the raw footage to any non-youtube sites. He did mention in another thread that the uncompressed footage looks noticeably better. Also, I have a gtx 970 as well, fingers crossed.

Edit: Here is the uploader's comment about the 4k performance with a Titan X: http://www.reddit.com/r/witcher/comments/35xjpg/nvidia_event_gtx960_should_be_able_to_run_high/cr8sy2j

Also, here is his tweet about the wall textures: https://twitter.com/docm77/status/598924948258869248"
Here's hoping that Tom Francis will write a new installment of his brilliant GalCiv War Diaries. They were *the shit*.
"Who knows, maybe this is the case we heard of, and there's a ton we haven't heard of. Maybe Konami has been filling tons of claims and Youtube started investigating, but we never heard anything about it."
"Well ""normal"" humans are illiterate in that universe. It's basicly the 13th century.

They also belive that witchers are incapable of feeling. That they screw witches during full moons to make little witches and witchers or some similar weird shit.

They make all this stuff up out of fear of the unknown. And fear breads hatred.
This IMO is what puts the dark in this dark fantasy."
"Which was accurately represented in the game play of the first game. If you played on the harder settings potions were really the only way to beat the game. Well, early on at least. Towards the end game you could just spam spells at 200-300% damage after getting jacked up on every potion in your inventory."
"I was really on the fence about pre-ordering this, because I get busy in the summers and probably wouldn't get to really sink my teeth into it until fall anyways...

Then our IT guy built some new rigs for people in the office using EVGA 790s this week and hooked me up with a free code for Witcher 3 and the new Batman.  FUCK YEAH!

Now I just have to hope I have time to play it next week!"
With no uber. I feel that's going to dampen the amount of people using her as medic is not played as much as needed and his uber is one of the most satisfying uses of a medic.
Monsters can match even the best out of best monster hunters. It is the theme in books too(not a single witcher died by age but by hand well claw of some monster).
"I don't think he necessarily seeks controversy (I do agree he hits off the mark with a lot of his opinions though)  but rather, he approaches his videos as argumentative essays. The big thing we're taught when writing essays of this nature is that you don't go wishy washy with your opinion - you need to go all in with the intent of convincing your audience of your position which means using strong, confident language. I think he's fairly honest with his opinions and perhaps suffers from examining things with too critical of an eye when I think certain topics would be better suited to a less serious approach. "
It was [these](http://puu.sh/hNi4B/27cc895fd8.jpg) [two](http://puu.sh/hNiad/2132bfee1c.jpg) that did it for me. It's honestly hard to believe that this wasn't part of a live action movie.
"Wow. That voice over was really dull and monotonous. For how grand and epic the trailer tries to be, the voice over absolutely ruins it."
"Good on MS, the testers signed a NDA and broke it. They will also be legally pursued by both MS and VMC"
"&gt; should shame him

Eh, no. They should seek legal action. Just like everyone else affected by this. I know Twitter and Tumblr made Lynch Mobs and Shaming en vogue again, but society really should not go down that road. 

Let's keep it in the history books, okay? "
"&gt; But this whole ""Witcher-Gate"" is people who scream ""come on game dev's, it's not THAT hard"".

Yup, getting real sick of seeing armchair game developers on this sub."
"Given I haven't seen *any* focus on a Single Player / Co-Op / Terrorist Hunt mode, and we now have a 5 month window before release, I'm basically certain at this point that *any* SP content will pull a *Titanfall* and essentially just be the MP with some light ""story"" window dressing.

Has there been *any* information on the single player, a story mode, etc?"
Don't make the mistake of assuming that the same people complaining then are the ones saying it's fine now.  I didn't care about the Watch Dogs situation and I don't care about this.  I'd imagine that's true for a lot of people.
MrBtongue is great and it's a shame he doesn't create more content than he does. His self aware dry sarcasm is really funny and his deep knowledge of literature really adds a lot to his videos. He really knows how to pick apart plot and storytelling mechanics to pinpoint issues while applying historical and local context to neatly tie it all together. 
If only there was some sort of school for people like that.  Possibly ran by a wise professor who lost the ability to walk but makes up for it with the abilities of his mind...
"This might be nice considering what they possibly could do to them for breaking the NDA.  Not sure if they could,  but a temporarily bricked console is better than being sued. "
"I kinda laughed at the ""I became some martyr for free speech or something"" comment where George admits he didn't do anything and gained free publicity. Konami essentially gift-wrapped free views, subscribers and support from other channels to him. "
"Yeah, loved that about the first game. I loved the second for other reasons, but it felt more arcadey and less like the preparations really mattered. The first was just more pure, I guess, where for the most part the only thing that gave you an advantage was your potions and knowledge of the monster's weakness. Was not a huge fan of adding tons of equipment slots in the second, although it did make you look cooler. "
"How was this mod packaged? How was it able to carry a key logger?

I'm curious because I've never played GTA V, much less installed mods for it."
"This has got to be some of the most narrow minded stuff I read all the time. ""The consumer (not a single entity, a collection of millions of people) just needs to see through multiple million dollars worth of product advertising, and tens of thousands of man hours of research into what sells.""

Advertisement works."
"PC Gamer are already on damage control for endorsing a malware-infected file without checking it... 

http://www.pcgamer.com/gta-5-mods-angry-planes-and-no-clip-contain-malware/"
"DMCA law is a nightmare and was basically written by dinosaurs instead of people knowledgable about the internet. If you ever work in an industry that provides internet services of any kind then you know what a pain in the ass it can be.

Anyone can place a DMCA, for just about any reason, and the only thing preventing them from lying is saying, ""I am providing this notice in good faith and with the reasonable belief that rights my company owns are being infringed. Under penalty of perjury I certify that the information contained in the notification is both true and accurate, and I have the authority to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright(s) involved."" 

Yea, because all of those false DMCA's have surely been prosecuted for perjury... in 2005 google said, ""Takedown notices targeting a competing business made up over half (57%) of the notices Google has received, the company said, and more than one-third (37%), ""were not valid copyright claims.""

DMCA sucks."
/r/games is a huge subsection of one of the biggest websites in the west and it was the top post here yesterday. Someone probably saw the post here about it or one of the thousand tweets and Facebook posts on it.
"Problem with calling him evolved, is that he really isn't. Until traits take hold as mainstays in our genetics, they are just mutations.

As you say he is a potential evolutionary pathway provided extremely selective environmental experience. But odd's are that's never really going to be the case."
"They signed a NDA and its very likely that the contract stated what would happen if they broke it.
Its not like MS is the only company that can brick their hardware"
"&gt;It is the theme in books too(not a single witcher died by age but by hand well claw of some monster)

The problem with that argument of course is, If Witcher's don't retire, They get old, They get weaker and eventually one of the monsters is going to get the upper hand.

I'd say it speaks less to the ability for monsters to match the best hunters. But the idea that the witchers never stop being witchers."
Will this be one of the rare games that actually lives up to the hype? We already had Cities Skylines this year. Can lightning strike twice?
"I would be willing to bet that Sony has the exact same ability, and has likely used it in similar situations. This story is just happening to get a lot of exposure. "
"I'm pretty excited about this...I've been itchin' to get back into the music rhythm games, but the live-action performance aspect of the new GH put me off a bit...

I liked designing a band with ridiculous costumes/hairstyles/instruments, and I didn't realize how much more enjoyable they made the game until they were gone"
"&gt; Gold Nova 

No, they've revealed opening few months ago: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcogCjLymeI (it's still awesome tho)"
"Why can't we call it journalism? Journalists report stories with only one source all the time, they're just sure to make it clear that that source *is* the only source.

Why are you so eager to discredit him?"
"The problem is that it's still almost always going to be cheaper to film the shit for real and then add CGI where necessary.

And you got to take into account as good as this trailer was there is little dialogue. Which likely presents the biggest issue with a completely CG movie on the level we saw. Especially when you're looking at larger level emotions."
"*personally* I think the bar is actually well placed. It makes it so that you can keep your eyes and attention fixed on the center of the screen as opposed to having to look down at say, the bottom left corner for a split second when you're in intense comabt.


But maybe that's just me!"
In the second one I loved putting points into traps and drawing enemies into those.  So much more fun than just rushing in and bashing everything
"They're pretty lucky they're just getting off with this as a punishment to be honest. I wonder what actions VMC are going to take. Having their testers leak private things hurts their business and could potentially make them lose trust with publishers. If you're going to sign up for this type of stuff, you better follow the rules. NDAs are pretty fucking serious. "
"Baginski is shooting The Witcher film with actors, so perhaps he wasn't available? Also, none of the previous trailers by Platige had mouth animations/lip syncing. I wonder if they can do it properly - in ""Killing Monsters"" the person speaking was always either obscured or out of shot. "
I think one of the reasons they may be bricking the consoles is because the consoles may still have sensitive data from the testing on them that is still not leaked.
"And they live for a really long time. Geralt is over 100 in Wild Hunt, and Visemyr is significantly older than him, so he could easily be 140+"
"&gt; I don't doubt it, but compared to the budget of most big films it's peanuts. 

No, it's actually more expensive to make a full length CG film with this quality."
I'm still kind of baffled as to why he's even relatively obscure. Maybe it's the frequency of videos.
"They got off easy honestly, they're breaking a contract, one very specifically designed to prevent leaks. MS could have gone to court and sued the individuals for not only breaking the contract but also claiming that by showing unfinished software they hurt the software's image. That could have resulted in damages being awarded that are well over the cost of a new console and xbox live account (even if you include a few games that's only like a $1000), hell if they wanted to be vindictive MS could easily have a part in the settlement or judgement saying that the testers involved could never buy another gaming device (Settlements can be pretty harsh). 

Obviously that would be a PR nightmare, this seems like a pretty decent compromise, I mean you don't want the testers who were banned turning around and selling the consoles on eBay. 
"
"Well. Take Letho. He would be killed by monster if it wasn´t for Geralt. And you could see how healthy, strong and quick he was."
"Dark mode definitively helps on TW2.

I remember being stuck on that cave (i'm not going to put any spoiler) and said 'fuck it'. 3-4 potions later, Geralt was seeing the enemies through the walls, running and killing everything in sight like a monster bulldozer."
No clue. He posts a video every Thursday. That's probably why they're so high quality. Once a week is easier to maintain high quality than daily.
"And probably only a few huntred, at the very most, will hear about it and clean it. Sounds like a very successful attack. "
How is this any different from being locked out of a secure area due to breaking in? They broke an NDA. I don't see an issue here.
"Well they seem to have thrown in just about every genre imaginable judging by that trailer, not just RPGs. Hopefully that means each section is shorter so the game keeps up a better pace."
"From what I know, Sony has the power to, and it's in their EULA as well. I personally don't think it should be legal to be able to disable someone's use of things they bought, but that's just how consoles are now."
"It has nothing to do with trust or pissing people off. You engaged in a  contract, broke it, and are now dealing with the repercussions spelled out in that contract. God forbid someone gets punished for breaking the rules. "
"Grumpy old dude with insane fighting skills who can withstand immense amount of punishment, underwent dramatic bodily augmentations to become as good at fighting as he is, is a mutant, sleeps with lots of women, has a heart of gold but rarely shows it, loves a redhead (in the games at least), has a thing for incredibly powerful women who can chunk him about like it's nothing.

Geralt is basically Wolverine."
"If there ever is going to be a case of someones hardware being bricked for unjust reasons you can count one me for being one of the firsts to be outraged, until that happens im perfectly fine with that.
On another note this is possible on all hardware that gets updates through the internet and not something that is exclusive to MS"
"It is specifically in the Xbox live terms of use

&gt;Services; (ii) retrieve information from the Authorized Device and any connected peripheral device used to log onto the Services as necessary to operate and protect the security of the Services, and to enforce this Agreement; and (iii) **upgrade, modify, withdraw, suspend, or discontinue any functionality or feature of the Services, or any hardware or software** associated with the Services or with an Authorized Device, from time to time without notice. We may do so by the automatic download of related software directly to your Authorized Device, including software that prevents you from accessing the Services, playing pirated games, or using unauthorized hardware peripheral devices."
"Leakers are kind of lame, IMO.

It's much more exciting to see some giant crazy trailer at E3 where you think you know what it is, but aren't 100% sure until the ending title screen, than to see some questionable and noncontextual screen-cap videos from shady websites. 

Kills the excitement."
"Can I get some background? Why would this type of contract be one Witchers wouldn't normally take?

I feel there's a lot that doesn't come through while playing the games. :\"
"Per /u/reddragon137

&gt; ""Unless otherwise required by law, SNEI is not responsible for monitoring or recording any activity on PSN, including communications, although SNEI reserves the right to do so and you hereby give SNEI your express consent to monitor and record your and your Sub Account's activities and communications. SNEI reserves the right to remove any content and communication from PSN First Party Services at SNEI's sole discretion without notice and to terminate any account through which violations of the Community Code of Conduct occur. **----&gt;!!!!SNEI may also take steps on behalf of its device platform partners to disable permanently or temporarily any device on which you receive PSN First Party Services and through use of which you violate the Community Code of Conduct.!!!&lt;----** SNEI may use any data it collects, including the content of your communications, the time and location of your activities, your Online ID and IP address and any other collectable data, to enforce this Agreement or protect the interests of SNEI, its affiliates, PSN First Party Service users or SNEI's or its affiliates' licensors. Such information may be disclosed to appropriate authorities or agencies. Any other use is subject to the terms of SNEI's Privacy Policy. SNEI has no liability for any violation of this Agreement by you or by any other PSN First Party Service user.""

"
"Not just literature, all different sorts of culture, from cinema to sports. He's so knowledgeable about so many different subjects, I really appreciate the perspective he brings to games criticism. He's not as negative as a lot of critics either, something I find really refreshing. "
"As an ex-VMC employee let me assure you that they will pursue both of the leakers without mercy with the full legal force they have behind the NDA. They're going to make examples out of them to ward off anyone else who's feeling a little leaky.
"
"Hairworks reportedly kills any GPU that tries to run it. They said at the Nvidia event to expect the 960 to run at ""high"" with 60 fps, so I'm willing to bet the 970 will see 60 fps at ultra. That being with hairworks and ubersampling turned off."
"Because that is a pretty nasty and dangerous monster. Essentially, witchers aren't some crazy super-powered invincible beings, a nasty monster can fuck them up."
Let's ask the important questions: Why is Yennefer wearing cloths? She is naked in this part in the Conan O'Brien video(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfjLRuE1CLw)? 
"Man, you guys are the nitpickiest bunch of people sometimes. His voice is fine, I even find it pleasant. "
"Do you actually use these in the game? As in, ""oh hey, I'm going to fight some undead blood-drinkers - I'll pop a potion of two so when they try to bite me they will take damage"". If so, that's so effing cool. I need to get into this series!"
"These article designs are getting out of hand. 

On desktop it looks like a pop up book more than an article. I want to read the damn thing not get sick from all the moving parts. "
"most keyloggers/RATS today can easily get your browser passwords

why i dont ever let them save mine
"
"Hmm. I'm a little nonplussed after that. I was expecting a little more considering the older demo footage and how they've been marketing the game. It doesn't look bad by any means but I expecting to be a bit more awed. Then again, YouTube compression certainly isn't helping. I'll reserve judgment until I see the real thing, or at least something a bit better encoded.

Absolutely love the overall art direction though, and the tons of detail they put in. I get the impression they focused more on making the visuals dense more so than making fewer elements with higher fidelity. No complaints from me. The trees blowing in the wind was especially lovely to see."
"I think the art shows a lack of understanding for color and visual design in some ways. The first thing I noticed about the game was how dull the character's sprite was. Just take a look at these screenshots:

[1](http://static.gamespot.com/uploads/scale_super/gamespot/images/2012/109/1924927-667607_20120419_001.jpg)  
[2](http://nichegamer.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/axiom-verge-2015-01-27-3.png)

The color, while somewhat cohesive compared to other areas of the game, is way to vibrant compared to the sprite of the player. And I'd like to compare it to Super Metroid, not because Axiom is inspired by Metroid, but because they have similar sized characters, camera, and environment.

[3](http://www.familyfriendlygaming.com/Images/2013/Pics/Super%20Metroid/i_38893.jpg)

Now I'm not saying every area of Axiom Verge is as muddled as the examples I provided [(for instance)](http://static3.gamespot.com/uploads/original/mig/4/9/3/1/1924931-667607_20120419_005.jpg), but why should your game look like that during *any* part of it?
"
Depending on the difficulty you're playing on Potions can be very important. Specially in the first game
"Their console being a brick for sure is the least of their problems right now. Breaking an NDA for such a project can result in huge fines.

From own experience the NDA will probably have a clause that breaking it will cost you something in the $1000-2000 range and on top of that a court case with another fine."
"I agree. Super Metroid also does a very good job of differentiating the foreground from the background. Objects in the foreground tend to be more vibrant, letting the player know that they are intractable or solid, while background objects are darker and more muted.

This isn't really the case for Axiom Verge. It tries to emulate the same ideas as Super Metroid, but chose to make some background objects very brightly colored. You can see this in the screenshots you provided."
"Unless you're playing high end PvE I don't know how you'd come to that conclusion. Everything facerolls open world content, anything goes in regular dungeon runs (Necros can even solo some dungeons) and they're as strong as your ability to play them is in WvW/EoTM and sPvP."
I'm in a spot where I can't get Witcher 3 in the near future. I've never played the other games but this game looks absolutely phenomenal. Would you suggest reading the books in the meantime to get caught up?
"I actually thought Blacklist was a return to form to the earlier splinter cell titles, as I thought Double Agent and Conviction diverted away from that classic stealth. I will admit though, that first person action mission and the change in voice actors for Sam Fisher were big negatives in an otherwise great game. It was not as stealth oriented as the first three, but at perfectionist difficulty it gave them a good run for their money."
The problem lies in it being ***too much*** on the center of the screen. It's blocking far too much of your view.
"It was available in the first game but I did not particularly liked it. It prevented you from using other potions. It was useless against other enemies - facing just a single enemy type was rare. And you had to let vampires bite you. It was very effective, I'll give it that."
"Yes! The writing is good and it sets up the characters.
Here's a link what to read and what order (along with other Witcher stuff): http://m.neogaf.com/showthread.php?t=989969"
"&gt;We at PC Gamer apologize for reporting on the affected mods. We did not detect any malware when testing them, and are updating our previous stories.

At least they're admitting it instead of just removing the stories and pretending it never happened."
"Because higher vampires are sentient beings, and witchers are monster hunters, not assassins. Paired with the extreme risk it makes every contract on a higher vampire a personal call of the witcher.

They don't even accept dragon contracts anymore because the giant firebreathing lizards are getting extinct."
"Technically, species are separated by when they can no longer create viable offspring. Witchers are sterile from the mutation, so it's kind of debateable.

Although since he was born human, and could create viable offspring with other humans before the mutation... yeah probably is still technically a human.  But only technically ;)"
"Yeah, I don't think anyone is really supporting the leakers who broke their NDA.  It's more the fact that the rest of the game community is unknowingly subject to an admittedly unlikely but potentially unfortunate situation themselves.  "
"Its not fully working based on what they promised prior to launch, so no its not fully working, like I wrote."
"&gt; build three different builds or ***consolidate*** to the nearest denominator, which is what we did.

...the irony..."
"I'm fairly sure he meant ultra, or even high settings. I had the recommended hardware for TW2, and I still couldn't get stable 60 FPS at normal-high."
I'm guessing it's gonna be a whole lot more. The first announcement is extremely important to generate hype and such so I'm guessing Microsoft and/or VMC (or whatever the other company was) is gonna demand a whole lot more.
"I think the thing about the first one was that at the end of the day it wasn't really a game... it was more of a museum tour. It was a tour of a history of the RPG/Adventure video game genre. For the first 75% or more it goes at such a blistering pace that each little exhibit is very exciting. For the last 25% you have the whole museum open to you and you are told to play. But when you get to slow down and look around a bit there is very little to actually play with and things drag on until the ending and even though for most of your couple hours of playing the game the last little bit leaves a bad taste in your mouth. Really though had the short game been just a bit shorter it probably would have been better off for it.

All this said I am excited by this trailer my only worry is that even though this looks like it will have a much larger variety of things to do they may again try to pad the length of the game may also become tedious at points."
"[No. It's shared memory because it's what would be both VRAM (for the GPU) and standard RAM (for the CPU) in a PC. Instead of two separate tables to store things on, you have one.](http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2013/11/the-xbox-one-and-ps4-share-similar-specs-but-the-devils-in-the-details/2/)"
"Yeah? You can be locked out of a secure area without breaking in too, you won't be though. The same goes for being locked out of using your Xbox One. "
"In current state there is plenty of things to do.... but in multiplayer...


... is what I wanted to say but then I looked ad my /played time and have 73 h of just singleplayer building and tinkering with stuff and that was before they added a lot of things"
Reminds me a lot of the [intro cinematic for the first Witcher game.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZcsNE6wCHI)  A great callback in the very least.
"So as a long time mod user, not creator. Here is a little advice. Don't install mods willy nilly and don't assume every mod is legitimate. Assume every mod is a scam and disprove it before installing it. 

Mods are not DLC, they are not inherently safe and there is definitely bad mods out there, why not. 

The best way to be safe is to use only mods that are from known mod creators who are trusted by the community or to only use mods that have been around long enough to be essentially verified as safe through sheer number of users using it and never having any problem.

This probably seems obvious to a lot of people, but then again, there will be new users who have never modded, but have bought DLC and assume it is similar, when in reality, mods have no guarantee of being safe or not breaking your game."
"While I still think Dark Souls 2 is my personal favorite due to the sheer amount of variety in the ways you can play, I adore Bloodborne for having the best combat in a 3rd person action RPG I have ever played. 

Almost every fight had me at the edge of my seat, cursing while I narrowly dodged each attack. It's just so exciting and fun that I don't mind that there's less character customization options this time around because the combat just nails it. I couldn't get enough of it, it's such a fantastic game.

Edit: Did I upset people because I said I liked Dark Souls 2?"
"Good luck hunting down FluffyBunniez412 or whoever made the mod. If the are passing around mods with key loggers, they are probably at least attempting to hide their identity, which means in internet terms, you would need NSA type powers to find them."
"I really liked it. It's the first Souls game I actually stuck to and beat (I gave up after 5-10 hours in Demon's Souls and Dark Souls, never tried DS2). the main difference for me I think was that the combat was a lot more fun and so the frustrating grind to  figure out how to actually play the game and start progressing forward (instead of just being stuck on the same boss or 2 for too long and giving up) that I had in the other games was a lot easier for me to get over and start having fun. 

I see how a lot of your points make sense. I wonder how much of it is just that once you already play so many Souls games, they just lose their magic a bit? 

My biggest gripes would probably be having to grind for blood vials (estus flask just seems like such a  better system) and the weapon upgrading system is frustratingly restrictive. You basically have to pick 2-3 weapons to upgrade and stick to them for the entire game, because there just aren't enough blood stone chunks to upgrade everything. Worse is that once you NG+ you still have to get to the last 1/4 of the game before you start finding blood stone chunks again. It was so frustrating to to get the Burial Blade and not even be able to use it effectively in NG+ because all the enemies are scaled up and you don't have any blood stone chunks to upgrade it to a point where it's effective at all. "
It does if those are the terms of the contract... You seem to be missing the part where everyone agreed to this at the onset.
"Wait, does that mean that women or men who are sterile due to genetic problems aren't human too? How does that make sense in any way?"
"AVG is worthless against mods and custom software, because it doesn't know what it is (false positive).  Which is why I'm wondering if this is legit or not.  Since these are mods and custom software to boot, they HAVE to pop up as viruses.

AVG can't tell it's a virus, that's why it's flagging it.  Though something named FADE.exe let alone new exes you don't know of, is definitely a sign of an intruding program."
"So the titles I've played in this bundle:  
**Paper Sorcerer**. A neat little first person dungeon crawler. I've quite enjoyed my time with it. It uses menu driven, turn based combat and when I played it, it was quite difficult at times. Although it seems to have been patched since then. Well worth the money if you enjoy dungeon crawlers.

**Pier Solar**. A really well made game in the JRPG Style. Everything is top notch about this, graphics, music, etc. It's not exactly revolutionary but it's really well made and a definitive recommendation. I'm surprised this isn't the top tier to be honest.

**Rollers of the Realm**. Really neat idea. A lightweight RPG where your heroes are Pinballs. No, really. It's a lot of fun and does quite a few creative things with it. Different heroes have different abilities, from being able to break walls, to backstab damage to healing or spells. If you even remotely enjoy RPGs and Pinball, you get about 6-7 hours of fun.

**Agarest.** No. Well, okay the idea is neat. You play a bunch of heroes over several generations. But the execution leaves much to be desired. It's grindy like hell. A lot of the battles are identical. Sometimes you crawl through 10 identical battles before something happens. And I really mean identical. Same enemy composition.   
And the story... yeah well. The generational aspect makes the game bloody creepy. Bordering on some serious underage girl Anime Bullshit. If you love Anime Bullshit, if you enjoy creepy (not in the horror kind), if you love the idea of grinding... yeah perhaps. Otherwise run.

/Edit - edit
When I made the edit, the post was at -4.

/Edit:
Seeing the Downvotes, I assume they're about me saying Anime Bullshit. Look, I love Anime. I like their strong character focus and I love it when they tackle some very interesting themes. But some parts of Anime are just plain bullshit and that part includes sexed up underage girls. I'm not judging, but since I know there are others like me that get uncomfortable with that part of Anime, I mentioned it."
"You linked to page 2 of the review, which wasn't immediately obvious. It seems perfectly believable for an RPS review to begin with ""And then there's war""."
"I guess I disagree.

Steam has the ability to eliminate my entire steam game library.  

I guess people don't realize how much control companies have, but most things you 'own' digitally and physically can be taken away.

I've never seen MS abuse remote bricking though, breaking an NDA you signed has major consequences regardless of the company."
"Can confirm they're treating this pretty seriously.

Got sent an email detailing everything by VMC this morning, which was basically just a huge public shaming and warning to everybody, even though I haven't done any testing for them in months. They take this stuff really seriously."
"Exactly. The guy still owns the hardware. He just can't use any of the software because of his actions.

His use of the software is bound to the EULA just as it is for any other console. That's also true of phones, laptops, etc.

"
"The theme music and atmosphere for the dkc series was absolutely top notch when it came to what the audience wanted, if donkey Kong wasn't a well made game then why is it held at such a high standard for its IP's sequels? If the donkey Kong games are not subject to brilliant game design then what is? Doom for its level design or StarCraft for its brilliant multiplayer balance. Its all subjective man I don't like WOW but I'm not gonna call it a bad game."
"If that is true, and he packaged malicious software deliberately, he is the worst kind of idiot and in for a world of hurt."
"A number of things.  It could be that someone is offering him a small fortune.  It could be that The Bruxa (type of vampire) he was fighting  had information about Yennefer or some other important information.  It could be that the vampire killed someone that Geralt knew and he could be out for revenge.  I don't think the revenge one would be it since it isn't a Witcher's style, but it's a possibility."
"When you take contracts to kill monsters, it is your responsibility as a player to actually research about the monster yourself: ask around, buy some books; gather ingredients, make potions.

And to take potions you actually have to stop and ""meditate"" before a fight to take the potions, you can't just chug in mid-battle. Though I hear they are streamlining it for Witcher 3, which is a good thing because remembering to take potions before a fight is hard that I often go into fights without them.

Also from my experience in The Witcher 2, these contracts are not a simple kill X monster and collect gold; they are actual stories and content to the sidequests. From what I'm hearing from the Witcher 3, this is greatly improved upon."
"Hell yes. I played TW1 which I couldn't get into (atmosphere and story seemed great, but it just didn't grip me. Combat maybe?). TW2 seemed a lot better, but I only played the intro. I'll have to return to TW2 and then TW3 I think. Seems like a really good series."
That was my favorite tale in that book. It was an even more gruesome version of the original Beauty and the Beast fairy tale. 
"Wow, pretty cool that Fate is on there. I remember when I was pretty young that game was pre-installed on my pc and I spent hours playing it. It was a free version, and looking back on it I see the pay wall I hit. I have good memories with it nonetheless. I think I'm going to pick this one up. "
Witcher 3 is one of only 9 games ever to be given a [perfect 10/10 score by Gamespot](http://www.gamespot.com/articles/gamespots-complete-list-of-10-10-reviews-and-how-t/1100-6422955/).
"The first one yes. See MS has an army of lawyers, they'll just bankrupt you through litigation alone. "
"This is an important point to make. I know defending something as faceless as Google is grounds for making this comment disappear, but how easily we forgot YouTube's hellish problems with Viacom and many, many other copyright holders. Do we suffer? Yes... but a part of me does not blame YouTube in the least."
"Personally I just found it really boring after 4 hours of gameplay, the whole thing was so repetitive it bored the crap out of me"
"I have 118 hours played, currently. I love the game, but I've taken a break from it. I grew tired of having to restart my survival game every time they make a change. I'll wait a bit longer before I jump in again."
"The 35 minutes of footage was released on august 20 2014 and the gtx 980 came out september 18 2014 so no, it wasn't running on a 980. And that's not even taking into consideration they would have had a full year to optimize the game is they stuck with this aesthetic/graphic fidelity so even on the hardware they used at the time it would have been able to run better."
"There was a shit ton of nudity in the American version of The Witcher 2. Nudity shouldn't be a problem in the American release.

"
"Konami killed one of the most promising productions both in terms of its artistic merit and its potential as an awesome game.

Seriously, f*ck you Konami."
"http://www.neogaf.com/forum/showthread.php?t=1043668&amp;page=82 

Closest I could find. There's plenty of screenshot comparisons, a few on each page but it's a lot to go through. I found these going through just a few pages.

http://i.imgur.com/nIwKLO4.jpg

or 

http://i.minus.com/ilo8ZEuf1yn7w.gif vs http://gifyu.com/images/W2475ee.gif

[2014](http://i.imgur.com/FCDZVl0.jpg) vs [2015](http://i.imgur.com/JQ87jFX.png)

A lot of detail was removed."
"Thing is, it looks like the trees are constantly blowing in the wind, while the smoke just floats upwards, like the wind just wasn't there. It looks outlandish."
"it kinda looks.. like when you play a emulated game and output it at 4k. everything looks smooth but its still the same low quality textures.

if that makes any sense."
I didn't like the gameplay in Witcher 2 but after seeing a let's play I realized how deep the story can get. Gave me another reason to get back into the series.
"Is it just me or does like look like the Witcher 2 in terms of graphics? Not that's a bad thing, it looked gorgeous, I was just expecting more? "
"I actually feel pretty at odds with that. Geralt is a paid *monster* slayer (i.e., in the books he explicitly says that monsters are sensitive to silver - unlike bears - and pretty commonly objects to being paid to kill things that aren't monsters), so seeing him get so fucking riled up at the sight of natural wildlife (like a bear) without even having to be in combat with the wildlife just looks... Weird."
"One of the trailer is named ""Debut Gameplay"" which was from 2013, the VGX trailer is an in-game trailer. What should we look is the ""gameplay"" trailer, which is they already have, and it is obviously downgraded. I'm fine with downgrade as long the developer are not dodging right and left and outright lying about it.

Here is the Debut Gameplay trailer I mentioned
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZ_G6XiHoUA"
"Why is no one addressing the elephant in the room? PC players are upset because a company that was largely PC-focused has decided to give their chosen platform parity with far weaker platforms. That's what this all boils down to. We can argue about what happens during development all we want, but the real reason people are upset is that they expected to get more out of their pricier hardware. Now they find out that the game simply uses the same assets across every platform."
"SPOILERS because I can't do tags on mobile. 

Letho doesn't appear in the books at all. Geralt saves him while looking for the Wild Hunt, after it took Yennefer. It's definitely a W2 spoiler. "
"For me, it's the terrible network performance. 

I'm 100% positive they can fix it (and are actively working on it), but the 5-10 second pause whenever someone joins a server is awful.  

Just means i'm taking a break.  This game is awesome, it just needs work.  Hopefully the Source release will lead to a better game when the community gets their hands dirty optimizing and bug fixing (which is inevitable).  "
"I am going to say this now. If CDPR manages to pull this off and Witcher 3 meets and or exceeds expectations - which I'm sure it will based on reviews - then they will officially replace Bethesda for me. I loved the first two Witcher games. Witcher 2 was absolutely fantastic and is my favorite mature RPG ever. I loved Morrowind and Oblivion. Skyrim was great but it didn't hit all right buttons for me. 

If CDPR pulls this off then Bethesda will need to step up their game SERIOUSLY to take on who I may deem the new open world RPG developers. "
"I absolutely loved the story, even more so than previous games. Very rarely do big developers make a game based on Lovecraftian/Cthulu mythos and even the smaller devs do not always blend the Lovecraft elements well into a video game format. Due to playing so much of Demon's and Dark I got accustomed to their storytelling method and made sure to jot notes, backtrack a lot for story/character progression and this made for such a fun first time experience. 

The world and level design is top notch. Despite night time being mostly grey, each buildings spire peaks through to the sky and because of the amount of buildings it makes for a very cool landscape. It is also similar to when you look at Cainhurst in the distance the first time you see it and know instantly you will go there based on Miyazaki's ""If you can see it, should be able to go to it"" ideal. I wish more of the areas were hidden though, and much more difficult to reach such as Ash Lake being behind 2 illusory walls. That lack of mystery was gone because of it. Revealing some of the shortcuts blew my mind at how well crafted the world and levels are.

Another plus is the combat. It was very hard for me to adjust to how much stamina is depleted in Dark Souls 2: Scholar just by sprinting, sprinting up ladders and attacking. The combat just felt very slow after Bloodborne. Some boss battles that were roughly your size such as Martyr Logarius were so tense due to the decreased stamina depletion and increased recovery making for a battle where you essentially dance with the boss. Each area also brought in new enemies to fight though the common huntsman enemies did get repeated a few too many times. It's also aided by the offensiveness of the health regain system but I consider that somewhat as a weakness as seen in a few moments.

The ending boss was also fantastic. Music, setting, the fight itself. But perhaps I missed something lore wise as I found there was no build up to this boss. Both Gwyn and Allant were mentioned at the very beginning of their games and we struggle through the game to meet them and end them in their unfortunate state. Yet here, Gerhman is available right at the start and attacking him makes him just poof

Onto negatives:

Not many weapons as there should be. Some bosses, specifically in the chalice dungeons use pretty cool weapons. The Pthumerian family for example have some trick weapons, such as the fire lance/crossbow which would make for an excellent player weapon as no weapon uses fire damage without having a gem applied to it. Some weapons also take a long time to get to, if you want to do a playthrough using Logarius Wheel, then you have to beat roughly half the game to get it. The gems also do not vary the weapon as much as I would have expected to. The changes are minimal. I also wish we had more armour sets for the Fashionborne to come alive. 

The vial system sucks. It flat out sucks for new players or players that struggle with the game. Punishment in Dark Souls never meant we had to grind but here it does as we can run out of health vials and need to grind for them and Blood Echoes. The pacing is completely ruined and may put newcomers off. It also seems unfair on the enemies for us to have a maximum of 20-25 vials on hand and the health regain system. We don't get punished for being sloppy at the game anymore as we can regain health from attacks we should have dodged. And I consider the same for the new riposte/gun mechanic. We can parry from range so if we miss our timing, we can easily avoid getting hit. Again, its not punishing us for sloppy play. 20-25 bullets also seems too many. Perhaps quantity should be based on Bloodtinge similar to how magic worked in the past games. I have seen people get through bosses chugging vials and spamming R1 to regain health. If the Estus Flask system remained, I can guarantee these people would be having much more of a hard time.

The Chalice Dungeons are not fun. Specifically for me as a person that likes to make multiple builds and do everything on one character. I would prefer the dungeons to crossover between characters so we can choose to do them earlier if we want than drudge through the resource gathering parts. It also means we could do a playthrough with any weapon we choose without having to wait to near the end of the game. The layouts are too samey and a lot of repeated enemies throughout. Also most of the bosses do feel like filler but some I really enjoy such as the Undead Giant variants and Pthumerian family. 

The invading system is rather dull now. As an invader outside of the 2 dedicated PVP zones, chances are you will run into a group of enemies or someone else who was looking to invade. The 30% health cut is also a real bummer as its put an unfair advantage on the invader. While this was in Demon's Souls, it made sense storywise as you had to be in Soul Form to invade which already cut your health in the singleplayer mode. There should also be something more worthwhile as a reward for invading like regaining your human form in Demon's Souls. You get blood dregs if you belong to a covenant but they become useless after obtaining just one as no more rewards are earned after you offer just 1 to Queen Analise. It also pisses me off during PVP/co-op where items you used do not get replenished when you die/return to your world. You then have to sit through 2 loading screens just to get back to where you was with your items replenished because they decided to not let you rest at a lamp.  

I also thought the bosses and characters as a whole were quite boring. While I enjoyed the first half, it was definitely the second half were bosses became boring to fight. Hemwick, Rom, One Reborn, Micolash, Shadows, Mergo to an extent, all feature adds and I still don't think the camera works well in Souls games when fighting multiple enemies. I wish there were bosses that felt as fast paced and intense like Logarius and Artorias from Dark Souls and had significant lore detailing who they were and what they became. These 1v1 boss fights. I would much rather have the series go back to the puzzle kind of fights, perhaps even gimmicky, that were the prominent method in Demon's Souls. For example, fighting Storm King with the Storm Ruler sword. Some bosses did have ways of making the fight easier such as shooting Cleric Beast in the head is similar to doing a plunging attack on Taurus Demon. Character wise, there is no one that compares to the many characters featured in Dark like Solaire, Seigemeyer, Logan. Multiple characters had fleshed out arcs in that game and they changed locations multiple times whereas here there are only 2 that actually move around and offer something decent upon finishing their quests. 

Then there are some minor gripes such as no tutorial level that offers a reward. Not even getting to the first lamp without a weapon offers a reward. Health regain ends up being a bit useless eventually as the damage dealt vs health gained decreases. The notes for storytelling is a bit of a cop out for storytelling as it's very blunt and can even be misleading sometimes. ""Behold! A Paleblood Sky"" for example appears before the sky turns Paleblood.

As a whole I easily think it is Miyazaki's worst game but I consider Demon's and Dark to be 2 of my favourite games of all time. Some elements I love but the content there for build variety is honestly what has made me stop playing after about 200 hours whereas I could easily play Dark or Demon's Souls again and currently am doing so with Dark. I could probably write even more but that is already long enough. Feel tree to agree/disagree/comment. If they choose to add at least 10 more weapons to the game as part of free DLC or included with new areas as part of an expansion to Artorias of the Abyss, I will be happy to purchase it. 
"
Microsoft's official statement: http://www.gamespot.com/articles/microsoft-denies-disabling-xbox-ones-for-terms-of-/1100-6427351/
"Her staff has 2 streams though, Yellow one heals, Blue one increases the damage dealt by the person it's connected to."
"Witchers don't normally kill sentient beings unless in self defence.

Geralt only hunt's monsters and his idea of a monster isn't driven by prejudice ~ he won't kill things just because people don't like them. 

Higher vampires are self aware and have a choice. If they go killing people wantonly he'll hunt them down but if they chill out he'll leave them alone. 

(that and vampires can be fecking dangerous ~ taking on a higher vampire is twitchy)"
"&gt; As an added bonus, Candy Crush Saga will automatically be installed for customers that upgrade to or download Windows 10 for periods of time following the game launch.

Yay, exactly what I wanted! Software to uninstall right away! As an added bonus, it has in-app purchases, too!

Microsoft, don't tell me that gaming is important to you and then dump F2P shovelware in my lap. K? Thanks."
"His definition is missing a important part. An organism is a new species when it can't reproduce with the previous species but can reproduce with the new. If witchers/sterile people could reproduce with each other, and not with humans, then they would be a new species.

Edit- Specie -&gt;species "
"From a mechanical standpoint, the endless runner is one of the purest examples of platforming there is.

I think a lot of the addiction comes from the way the genre is set up. It's a genre focused on the concept of ""one more go"". Gameplay is in bursts rather than extended sessions, usually with either high difficulty and a focus on high scores, such as Canabalt, or a large unlock system with powerups and such, like in Jetpack Joyride. In both examples the player is encouraged to always give it one more shot, since each round usually only takes a few minutes if not seconds and it's an easy game to put down if you REALLY have to be somewhere. The genre is most popular in Adobe Flash form or on mobile in my experience, so that definitely reinforces the pick up and play nature of it.

My favorite will always and forever be Canabalt, unless Dyad or Bit.Trip Runner counts, which I don't think they do. Canabalt was probably the first endless runner I've played, and it gets it so, so right. The game speeds up as you progress, but hitting obstacles slow you down, which can kill you on certain jumps since the game makes the jumps based on how much momentum you have, or just outright kill you, like bombs falling from the skies or collapsing buildings. There is literally only one input used, the jump button, and the entire game is built around that. You need to master tiny jumps as well as long jumps, since the obstacles can take many forms in their verticality. If you jump too little, you'll fall to your death or hit the side of a building. Overshoot it, and you can miss the window into another building. It's incredibly simple and honestly doesn't have much longevity to it, which is ok since it started out as a free Flash game on Newgrounds and the like, and endless runners are better in shorts bursts anyway.

As for improving the genre? I can't see much to improve on, honestly, besides adding more ways for the player to interact with their environments. There isn't much to them, and that's ok."
"The timeframe you spend on Destiny depends mostly on what you want out of it.

If you want a shooter, yeah, probably. If you want a loot game, then youre not going to be done with 80-100 hrs. 

"
"Seems like no tessellation on the stone buildings, and vegetation textures look flat as hell, body textures look noticeably lower res than face textures...And TBH the youtube compression thing doesn't stand on itself, the 35 mins footage also was compressed, I believe the youtube version was taken from the stream so it's probably compressed even harder, yet it looked way better."
"Why are you kidding? It's no secret that Geralt is greedy. He made up his own ""Witcher's code"" saying that he never works for free, even though Witchers don't actually have a code to speak of. "
"God forbid you point out that they don't understand development cycles though -- prepare for the downvote train in that case.

I love how people ignore that the technical explanation was given for this -- ""At the size of our team, it would have been a nightmare to maintain 3 separate versions -- so we have one baseline that all versions work from.""

If people want that to not be the case, then they need to buy more CDPR and GoG games to further fund the team, because its an unrealistic expectation for a team creating a world of this scale, to then further maintain 3 separate branches in lock-step with eachother."
"Bloodborne isn't even in the top 10 and came out at the end of march.  

What's wrong with you, PS4 owners !?"
I would avoid making conclusions based on the comments of people who read an article written by Kotaku whose source is a leaked employee email from a company that does contracting work for Microsoft. 
"Keep you hard drives with PT, PLEASE! Also, if you can, save a disk image in case you had to do something with the drive.

PT is an amazing piece of video gaming history that needs to be preserved. I don't have a PS4 so I can't do it myself, but if you do have a PS4 please do this."
"Funny how its ""childish"" and ""petulant"" etc to complain about this because the world loves CDPR but Ubi were slaughtered for this type of thing."
"Yeah, if VMC can prove that the leak damaged a business relationship and cost them X amount of money, they could go after the leakers for that amount.

IANAL though, but I'm pretty sure this is somewhat feasible."
"I think this looks better than the witcher 2 not in terms of polygon count but of effects and filters. The witcher 2 was over the top saturated with effects, like they wanted to show off how advanced their technology was. My impression is the effects serve a purpose this time.

Faces have improved a lot too."
"I love how when they started making witcher for the consoles they promised that they wouldn't downgrade the witcher pc versions to work on the consoles. Which is exactly what got them in this mess. Overestimating the next gen console, releasing something and then when they overestimated they got caught in their lie."
I don't want to say it looks bad but it certainly looks very flat. That rock monster or whatever it was looked like it had almost no lighting on it and the textures on the characters all looked really inorganic. 
"imo these are trashy games that don't do much more than kill time.  They're easy to make and so a lot of amateur devs they're generally a good development exercise.

But I personally look for a bit more mechanical depth from games.  

"
"It's in the software EULA you agree to. Sony has the same power. Read around this thread, people are posting excerpts of it. "
"&gt; Funny how my gpu costs almost as much as my ps4 yet with a ps4 I'll get similar performance

Um, what? A 970 should give you at the very least the same graphical fidelity as the PS4 at twice the framerate..."
You act like MS is going around bricking consoles at random just for fun. These guys signed a contract that said if they violate the NDA their console can be bricked to prevent further violation of the NDA.
You can still do a quick run if you put it on easy.  That just turns it into a hack and slash with a really good story.
The people that wanted it got it in March. Niche title aimed a specific audience that knows where and when to get it.
"You can farm blood stone chunks. There aren't enough materials to go from 9-&gt;10 for every weapon, but level 9 is really mostly good enough.

I do agree about the blood vials. I think the estus system is much better. Either that, or blood vials should drop more and not cap so low."
He made up the code because it was easier than explaining his motives to people.  That way he just says its part of the witcher code and they would leave him alone.  
"As a PS4 owner, that's an amazing turn around on Microsoft's part. The always online PR disaster that hit the mainstream seems like a distant memory and Phil seems like he really knows what he's doing, props to him and the entire Xbox division for patching up what seemed to be a ship that already sank. I just hope E3 brings the new IP's and PC games that Microsoft is sorely lacking. Competition is good news for anyone who likes good games."
"It *is* dishonest because they are trying to cop out of this visual downgrade by saying it never existed. Of course it fucking existed! No one imagined they saw a Witcher 3 trailer. 

Everyone knows things change in development. Practically every game shows off features or graphics that don't make it to the final game. And that's *completely fine*. But when you get called out on advertising something that didn't make it to the final product, be honest about it. Come out and explain that you had to make a visual downgrade for frame rate purposes. Come out and explain why this feature, mechanic or piece of content didn't make the cut. What CDPR did is downgrade the game then tried to sneak it by everyone and hope no one notices. Oops!

Being dishonest and trying to cop out only makes them seem worse. This entire fiasco could have been solved by putting out a statement when they downgraded explaining why it had to happen. Then people would just nod their head in disappointed agreement then be on their way. Of course, people will then try to argue they shouldn't advertise product that isn't final, but that's why you place a disclaimer saying the footage is not final and is subject to change. Now we have a company being honest and fans who understand. It's very simple. 

"
"Holy shit, that went from amazing looking to average. My guess is once they started developing for the consoles they didn't make the rest of the world consistently in that original detail, so sadly there is probably no level to go back up to for the PC.

If CPR would have admitted this I would accept it, but this denial really hurts their mostly stellar reputation."
"&gt;NPD's Liam Callahan notes that if the top ten list were ordered by individual SKUs instead of by title, Bloodborne (PS4), Xenoblade Chronicles 3D (New 3DS), and Mario Party 10 (Wii U) would have made the list. 

All those games on the list include sales from all devices as a whole so exclusives are obviously gonna have trouble competing."
"Instead of going all conspiracy theory like everyone else, I think the simplest answer is because it's been in early access for over a year and the early access market is swamped with titles. It's really easy to lose track of something unless you are watching it specifically."
"[Here is killer evidence](http://i.imgur.com/QcOH0nT.png) of downgrading. 

CPR simply lied when they showed by presenting their Aug 2014 video as [The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Official Gameplay (35 min)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xx8kQ4s5hCY).

It seems obvious that the PC has suffered due to console downgrading, and CPR denying ruints their so far stellar reputation IMO."
"They called their Aug 2014 video [The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Official Gameplay (35 min)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xx8kQ4s5hCY). 

If they had said the final would look uglier on PC to enable downgrading for the consoles I would not have like it, but at least it would have been honest, instead of this lie compounded by denial."
"No, that doesn't seem to be true. I saw a live demo at SDCC 2014, and the graphics were better than the video in the OP. The downgrade seems very real.

There are a lot of screenshot comparisons showing the differences in graphics quality between gameplay from 2013 or 2014 and gameplay being shown now.

I'll still pick up the game if the gameplay is good, as graphics aren't that important to me, but it is a bit disappointing, and although consoles seems like a scapegoat, I really wonder if they are the reason behind the downgrade."
"If you're talking about Yennefer, she's a mage. Mage's, especially women, dress only in most trendy clothes and use best perfumes. "
"I have no idea why this mentality of paid mods = anti-mods came around. 

There are hundreds of reasons to support paid mods, especially if you like them. "
"I said ""engines"" plural, even though it is technically one ""engine,"" because theoretically if their design is modular (which I would expect), each individual ""piece"" can stand as its own separate but still functional engine without the rest. When the rendering and engine logic change completely between different segments, each fragment could stand alone as a separate engine, in a modular enough design. So while not technically the best terminology, it can be considered as multiple contained engines within one package."
"That was the old CDPR who developed games for PC first, this is the new CDPR who develop games for a shit generation of consoles in mind with PCs thrown in. Don't expect any miracles."
"I bought the $20 version of the game today, it's so good. It scratches the itch that hotline miami 2 didn't quite satisfy. I love how it has the challenge system from Olli Olli. "
"Read his response. The people who were actively excited for the game and wanted to acquire if purchased it in March. It doesn't have a lot going for it to generate mass market appeal. In the reddit echo chamber it may seem as though the souls series and FROM are household names but to the normies, ps4 is a Netflix, cod/bf, sports machine. "
"As someone who enjoyed Demon's Souls and Dark Souls II, Bloodborne wasn't what I was looking for and I ended up returning it so I could pay off some bills.

Sometimes people's favourite games aren't as great as they think they are, maybe they are but aren't appealing to the general public. My top 3 all time favourite games are Majora's Mask, Final Fantasy XII and Metal Gear Solid 2, while my least favourite games of 2013 were The Last of Us and Bioshock Infinite, it's just something I've had to learn to accept over the years that, when it comes to entertainment, one man's trash is another man's treasure and vice versa.

There's nothing wrong with anyone in this instance."
"Can we opt to not install it? If this is simply embedded without a way to remove it before the installation procedure, it'll be a real pain. While I realise hearts and solitaire and all that were embedded into other OS's, they amounted to a combined 700kb. With all the base apps and other non essential parts to the OS going in, you just know there will be hundreds of megs, if not gigs of bloatware added that most users won't even use once. "
"&gt;  Phil seems like he really knows what he's doing, props to him and the entire Xbox division for patching up what seemed to be a ship that already sank

Not to discount his efforts, but it's incredibly unlikely that this is the cause. When you look at this month's sales, it's just that both platforms didn't really sell that well, with the PS4 specifically having a disappointing month, both compared to last month and April 2014.

On the XB1 side, we've seen no real response in sales as far as 'turning around' goes, it's almost entirely attributed to the aggressive price cuts and game bundling---the turnaround happened with the $350 Unity bundle, not before. It's easy to misattribute XB1 sales to things that matter on gaming fora like /r/games, but frankly the consumers at large are largely unaffected. They want CoD, Madden, FIFA and Assassin's Creed from whoever's selling."
"The whole ""Dark Souls 2 sucks"" circlejerk is pretty endemic. I think a lot of that stems from a serious case of rose tinted lenses about Dark Souls that overlook a number of very serious flaws that simply do not get addressed when most discussions about the game take place (I can't imagine people who talk about the last 1/3 of dark souls being well designed actually played Lost Izalith on release) and while I can definitely agree that Dark Souls has a stronger setting and many instances of excellent world design, Dark Souls 2 is simply a more fun *game* and that's what makes me keep coming back to make new characters and try new builds to go through the game with."
"Getting source and compiling is probably harder then just pirating it.  Also I don't think they ship assets like textures, models and sounds in source."
"The most disappointing thing to me about the downgrade is that the 2014 version looked liked it was in a class of its own graphics wise. Like holy shit did you see that town? Amazing.

The new version just looks like The Witcher 2 to me, even the fucking animations look similar."
"Now that you've bought your Windows machine, how about buying four hundred dollars worth of useless virtual shit in Candy Crush?"
"So shitty to see a gaming company with it's roots in PC Gaming do something like this.

I want to move on, but I won't be happy until CDPR acknowledges this. The best scenario at this point is that they learn from this and prevent it from happening to Cyberpunk 2077."
"&gt; the rest of the game community is unknowingly subject to an admittedly unlikely but potentially unfortunate situation themselves.

What do you mean by this? They're punishing people that signed and agreed to an NDA where this kind of punishment was implied, if not explicit. Unless you're implying that, for some reason, Microsoft is going to start bricking consoles of Average Joe, in which case that's a possibilty for many major devices."
http://whatifgaming.com/developer-insider-the-witcher-3-was-downgraded-from-2013-list-of-all-features-taken-out-why
"Computer forensics, online fraud/cybercrime and malware investigators do this sort of thing on a daily basis and as someone who has worked in one of those fields let me tell you, it's not as hard as you might think to accurately tie a seemingly anonymous online username to a real life person.. even without NSA supercomputers or any legal authority to compel ISPs or website admins into providing IP address logs at your disposal.  Often times all it takes is having the target use the same username on multiple sites so you can then collect any bits of other, seemingly innocuous personal information they provided on each of those sites (first/last name, age/birthdate, other aliases, relationship status, links to friends/family/associates, education history, country, province/state, etc) which when cross-referenced leads you to even more sites or services they use/d, even if they didn't use the original username there, eventually allowing you to build a complete identity profile on them.  And there are even several online, deep-web crawling, searchable identity-marker database services designed to help do just that, though I won't link to any for obvious reasons.  Add some social engineering into the mix (contacting them, their known associates or services they have dealings with in order to trick them into revealing more information) and it becomes almost trivial, albeit time consuming and tedious work.

tl;dr - given enough time if someone *really* wants to find out who you are, even when all they have to go on is an 'anonymous' online username, they can more than likely still find you"
"Not necessarily.  There are cases of games that shipped with virii (a DOS game shipped with a boot sector virus on it's floppy disk) or non-malicious but still bad behavior (I think one of the Total Annihilation games shipped with an uninstaller that would delete C:\ if you had the game installed into a non-standard location).

It's possible the mod's author was infected with a keylogger that inserted itself into the distributed file."
"Check the EULA and TOS on ""buying"" your Xbox next time. You'll be surprised how much right they have over their hardware you ""bought"".

It's also the same issue for PC's of today, except it's not the hardware, but the games you play on it. See Steam's usage of ""subscriptions"" instead of actual copies of the game added to your account."
"Wait, the leak is basecally saying the the same stuff the guy said in the interview!

""The trailers were actually in-game footage but essentially just **not an entirely finished world** running on high-end PC at the time"""
"It's done just fine in GTAV. Also done just fine in certain Skyrim mods, and skyrim has the most shittily optimized engine out there."
"From what i remember from the books, witchers don't actualy get old, at least not for normal man to notice. I think Visemyr is wayyy older than that and when Triss was in Caer Mohr she said Visemyr might complain but he's healthy like a youngster."
"Incidentally, the owner of Silk Road, a deep web drug marketplace that is now defunct, was found specifically this way, through social engineering that started with him being stupid enough to make a tor-related question years previous - on fucking Stacked Overflow of all places - with his real name.

The arrest of this fellow put a HUGE dent on the value of Bitcoin when it happened. If someone with that much of an impact on the virtual black market can do something that stupid, then I can't but imagine what sorts of stupid shit less organized people with much less worries about their identity are pulling out daily.

The Facenet is a godsent blessing. Years ago, the #1 rule of the internet you taught to all newcomers was to never reveal your identity, and that was because you never truly knew who you were talking to. And the biggest worry wasn't even  your physical life, everyone was just worried that since most people were at least 10 times better at ""Internet"" than you were as a beginner, and since the websites themselves were 10 times less secure, you just never knew what could happen to your computer and the *data stored in it* (and that data's the important part) if you were dumb about it. Nowadays, the risk is far larger, you can be tracked down to your address and phone number starting with only an alias, and yet everyone just does the exact thing that leads up to it*willingly*. Everyone has their whole life splattered online, with fully granted permission for viewing it, to any random person passing by, the moment the user pressed submit on that photo of theirs. It's not a particularly ""stupid"" thing to do even, it has plenty of benefits and entertainment value that outweighs the cons for the largely dominant majority of people. It's just that everyone is so carefree about it they don't even realize how large they're making their own tracks, and for lots, it's too late to do anything about it."
How much space could Candy Crush possibly require? I imagine 700kb seemed a lot in the first OS they were embeded in.
Great! More sales means more games which gives me more of a reason to pick one up later this year. Platform agnosticism. Why limit yourself when you could play everything? 
"Dark Souls 2 is my favorite as well (and I started the series way back with Demons' Souls), but yes, that is why you're getting downvoted. The build diversity character and customization is leagues beyond the other Souls games, which keeps me coming back for more. I love them all though - it's my favorite series.
"
"Can you not tell the difference in the amount of NPCs on screen from 2014 compared to 2015? 

It's a downgrade. Plain and simple. The 34 min. gameplay video was a WORKING PRODUCT. "
"Why... not... Bejeweled? Isn't that the actual game? Hell, according to Wikipedia, Microsoft named it back in 2001"
"It really really doesn't. I've been playing through the Witcher 2 on max settings to prepare for the Witcher 3 launch and it does not look as amazing as everyone says it does, though I'm sure it did at launch. It looks a lot better in screenshots than it does in motion and it has a lot of things that look a bit off like poor hair and really high res textures on low quality models. "
"A ton of modern games do this. It's because the moving trees look more ""realistic"" regardless of the wind. Less ""static"" and ""game-y"". I believe Watch_Dogs and Crysis do it a lot, for example."
"Quick look at the packed APK on android shows that CCS takes up around 50mb. Considering they'd use higher resolution images and sound, perhaps unpacked, I'd wager it'll be over 150mb. That doesn't seem like a lot of course, but that's an optional feature apart of the download I don't need. Living in a country with poor internet, that adds to my quota and duration of download significantly, and to my limited SSD space."
"IIRC the Arabic version leaked early, hence being able to record footage. There was an article about it earlier this week here."
"&gt;registry entries that can accumulate and slow your computer down considerably 

This is bullshit.  It was somewhat true a very long time ago but with todays PC's and current versions of Windows, its not even close to being an issue.  
"
"Without modifying the ISO, the pre-installed store apps on windows 8 result in around 1.5 to 2 gig of space. If you remove them from your install, it doesn't actually remove them, it instead puts them into a staging area, so that when you create a new account, it'll re-add those apps automatically. It's actually impossible for a standard ""uninstall"" of those base apps. To do so you need to access the power shell menu and run some commands with admin privileges.

If you are installing Windows 8 from an ISO, currently there is no way to deselect those apps during install, they come by default and they never leave under normal means. Windows 10 was supposedly reducing the size of the install and limiting OEM bloatware and restore partitions to try and reduce the space of the whole install, but adding games and other apps like this seems counter intuitive. Even if they applied strong compression to the download to alleviate my issues with my own ISP bandwidth and quota, they'll still take longer to install and will still take up valuable SSD space."
"Gonna have to disagree with Shariki, it was very much its own thing because you were never switching the position of the balls, you were moving them around until the whole field filled up. Honestly, it was fun but it was stressful lol. And Columns has jewels but is basically a unique take on a Tetris Clone.

Inspired out the ass sure, but Bejeweled is not a direct clone or a ripoff of either Columns or Shariki.

Also, implying the bratani round these parts know about Shariki ;)"
"Hre aso got a plentiful explosion of views right after the video came back up, so the ad revenue he lost... Well it wasn't a loss it was a gain!"
"Am I the only one who liked it? It looked good to me, and the gameplay looks fun, just like a suspected it would. I feel like people are super critical of games recently (this one in particular) just for the sake of being ""not hyped"""
"Nicolas Canasse (of Shiro games) is kind of a genius. He invented the [Haxe](http://haxe.org/) programming language (a language which compiles to other programming languages, including C++, C#, Javascript, Python, etc.) which powers a lot of other frameworks such as Kha, OpenFL, HEAPS, Flambe, Luxe, etc. It also powers HaxeFlixel, HaxePunk, and Stencyl.

A lot of big companies are using Haxe -- Tivo uses it for their set-top boxes, Prezi uses it, Mozilla supports it, and a decent number of console developers are using it and OpenFL to replace Scaleform, and it's starting to make enroads in lots of other places, too. (I for instance am using it to make Defender's Quest II).

So it's not a run-of-the-mill situation where some little indie company is using in-house tech. A comparable example would be, say, a game company that Anders Hjelsberg (C# inventor) works at using C#.

Haxe is remarkably powerful --- right now I'm working on a project getting it to run on consoles. Got a couple of WiiU demos running so far and we should have Xbox One and PS4/Vita up shortly :)"
"This one is a wolf. It vibrates in the presence of magic and has several other functions. 

Doesn't actually protect him from anything though. "
"&gt; It's possible the mod's author was infected with a keylogger that inserted itself into the distributed file

I don't think that's how that works, but I don't know enough about the topic to refute your point. "
I'd have to say that Bloodborne definitely lived up to the hype and more.  With that said its hype was not anywhere near Witcher 3's.
"Removing game from library != uninstalling or deleting the game. Steam doesn't have the functionality to delete files without user action, period. Such functionality would violate basic software security standards (an exploit within such functionality would be catastrophic). Stop spreading false information as its particularly alarming if believed."
"This seems needless. It's a computer; we have access to actual games. I'm searching for an analogy, but I can't think of many things I genuinely disrespect more than Candy Crush. But Windows 10 is already laden down with garbage I'll uninstall instantly so I don't mind one more shovelful of dirt"
"How is that any different than Watch Dogs? It's the exact same situation: announcement trailers show incredible graphics, later trailers show less impressive graphics, devs claim there is no downgrade when obviously there is.

Ubisoft gets crucified, but it's ok when CDPR does it?"
"&gt; • Pachinko - 5.8 [""not gambling"" because loopholes]

I had to [look that up](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pachinko):

&gt;Gambling for cash is illegal in Japan. Pachinko balls won from games cannot be exchanged directly for money in the parlor. The balls are exchanged for tokens or prizes, which can be exchanged for cash at a place nominally separate from the parlor.

Seems very shady."
"If you can't sustain a company on pretty graphics, then why bother advertising a product that looks way better than what we're actually getting?"
"It will be 48mb. It's a universal app, it will be the same size on Windows 10 and windows phone, and that's the size it is on Windows phone. That's the way universal apps work."
"Apparently the books are super famous in Poland, and are regarded as some kind of cultural heritage. When Obama went there, the Polish president gave him that book, and it was a huge deal.

They are very proud of them. [This great article talks about that.](http://www.polygon.com/features/2014/7/16/5885167/poland-game-industry)"
"I understand your dissatisfaction with the apparent downgrade. The early 35 minute footage looks phenomenal and now it isn't as nice. Maybe they had to cater to consoles, maybe they did mislead us, maybe, but calling this a Witcher 2 expansion is the most ridiculous thing I've heard in this thread. And you can get a refund if that's your desire, but to do so over graphical issues is kind of sad, really. The game's heart is its story and gameplay. I have a good feeling a lot of us will be having a blast while you may be missing out on this game."
"I preordered this game as soon as I was available on steam (I had $100 in my steam wallet from CS) and have been so eager to play it I've basically stopped playing other games, but now I am just so disappointed I don't care about the release. 

Was this their special thanks to PC gamers for supporting their first 2 games? I understand there is a lot of money in porting it to consoles, but that is the problem. Porting it from PC to console, not the other way around."
"One of the real issues here is that if it behaves like the other default Windows Store Apps, it simply wont ""uninstall"". It'll hide itself until a new profile is created on the system. Non power users will have a difficult time getting the bloat off their systems."
yeah its weird I thought they were going to cancel their planned expansions when they found out the internet was grumpy about it
"Pretty sure they advertised it on more than graphical power. Like being open-world, depth, quests, improved combat, size, scope, story. "
"Different stroke for different folks, I guess. Some people love building character, reading lore, killing monsters; others just wanted to tear down a city in a batmobile."
I like to put in the time to really salt the earth. Purge the bejeezus out of an install to make sure the only garbage is my own
"yet people complained that solitaire wasn't on windows 8. 

It's really a non-issue. The way I read it the game will only be automatically installed for some people, and I bet people can just uninstall it if they don't want it. 

&gt;Candy Crush Saga will automatically be installed for customers that upgrade to or download Windows 10 for periods of time following the game launch.

"
"This week in reddit: ""Game companies need to realize that graphics technology can only be improved so much, we need games with good gameplay, not shinier graphics!

..UNLESS IT'S THE WITCHER THIS LOOKS LIKE FUCKING GARBAGE MY FUCKING ATARI HAD HIGHER RES TEXTURES. FUCK THAT SHIT I HOPE CDPR GOES UNDER, THOSE LYING SACKS OF SHIT!""

I thought it looked nice, but I'm also way more concerned with the game *being fucking fun*, rather than staring at a goddamn cobblestone wall for 3 hours and bitching about the tesselation on Youtube. ""If you turn your camera 74 degrees in an upward arcing motion with your mouse at 500 DPI and gently swing your wrist sideways, you can clearly see where the separation gap between pieces of the model are at. What a fucking disgrace! 0/10, worst game ever made, CDPR are the true villains of gaming.""

Seriously are these people ever happy?"
"I find it very disappointing that they didn't keep the features in and just work with a few different methods of rendering as not everyone would have a powerhouse PC anyway. Hopefully CDPR works on getting these features put back into the PC version.


I'll definitely hold off on purchasing this one for a while."
"I'd rather have a ready when it's done model vs the almost industry standard of yearly releases.

That said, it definitely feels like Blizzard tried with SC2 then saw it fail, and basically packed up and moved on to the next big thing (Hearthstone and Heroes of the Storm)."
"Yeah but do you actually like to put in that time? Or do you like to just have a system exactly the way you like it? If there was a small program you could run, say an advanced option during install, that simply had a check box of virtually every feature windows installs/has, and it could take you literally 30 seconds to completely strip and customize any base install of windows, wouldnt that be better and easier? 

I often put in hours getting my distributions for various clients perfect, but its getting increasingly difficult to do so as windows goes through the versions. They could easily include a manager for this shit, exactly like they have with any installation of Office. Hundreds, if not over 1000 of my hours spent over the years fiddling with this shit could be reduced to minutes."
The line between good and evil is so blurry in this series.  I love it.  In the first game a man's sister went missing and I had to track her down.  She had joined up with a brothel ran by vampires. After talking to the head mistress I felt like they were doing nothing wrong.  Her brother shows up and demands I kill them all.  I left him and his allies in a pool of blood.  His only concern for his sister was to have her marry someone who would have brought him power.  It was a small side quest but stood out as a major moment for me. 
The reason it's being included is most likely because it's one of the first Universal Windows Apps that uses Microsoft's new [Islandwood](https://dev.windows.com/en-US/uwp-bridges/project-islandwood) framework to make it easy to port iOS apps to Windows. Microsoft is using Candy Crush as an advertisement for Islandwood.
"&gt; it's almost entirely attributed to the aggressive price cuts and game bundling.

From a business stand point, I think this is actually a very clever move for Microsoft, as it has far more financial resource to spend on a price war than Sony and Nintendo combined. "
"Oh if it was an option then great, but it won't be. It'd be extra work for them to put in and the average consumer is so lazy they just end of buying a Mac for more money. I'd love it if I could leave all that stuff out in the first place, but I doubt it will happen. MS doesn't even know that a PC isn't a tablet. It says stuff like ""Touch"" or ""Tap"" on the desktop version. What even the fuck, MS."
What about the 35 minutes of gameplay footage from last august? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xx8kQ4s5hCY because that is not the game we are getting at all.
"&gt; and the game boiled down to who had more dudes.

That's kinda exactly how Total Annihilation was. &lt;_&lt;"
I wouldn't be surprised if they are planning a new rts game that's more accessible and fun to play for the average person.
And games like Bioshock Infinite were given a free pass. The early footage for Infinite looked far more interesting than the final game.
"Personally; I feel like they dropped the ball with the SC2 map editor. In Starcraft 1; the communities custom maps was literally what kept the community going and coming back for more. 

It was so easy for even completely novices to make a custom map like Golem Madness, RPG maps, Cops and Robbers, Zone Control, etc. Those were the days when we didn't really need patches, ladder and competition wasn't a big focus and these fan made custom maps really added spice to an already great game. 

Starcraft 2's map editor is a clustered mess; everything is so much more complex and the learning curve to create was therefore steeper. A lot of people who had great ideas weren't able to properly execute and the amount of great custom games were much fewer and far between. What does that leave us with? Just ladder really and a handful of custom games trapped in a cycle of plays until the player quits. "
"How can I say what i'm thinking.  Blizzard's approach to Starcraft 2 was fantastic, they made a great game. Starcraft 2 is a fantastic game from multiple angles.  I think their plan was great, i think they came out and proved that Starcraft is a force and that E-sports and competitive gaming could work in the west.   

Then League of Legends happened.... which lets be clear here. No one saw that coming.  Blizzard, or anyone else. Starcraft 2 was the king for a long while and then Riot just took over and really did more with the competitive side than anyone had done before and still continues to do.  So Starcraft got pushed to the side a bit, there was a lot of scrambling and mistakes were made for sure by Blizzard.  Their was a lot of resentment in the community because all of a sudden they were second class to a perceived inferior game.  Then Dota and CSGO came in and knocked them farther and farther down the totem pole. 

 So yes you could blame some of this on Blizzard but honestly.  I think thats a little unfair.  No one knew what was about to happen in 2009.  Starcraft 2 came out and paved the way for League and Dota to be this big in the West.  Also those games are just more accessible than SC2. So saying its ""struggled to keep up"" is a under statement.  What hope would they have to keep up with the biggest games in the world that are free and pouring tons of resources into them.  The RTS genre is not all that appealing to a wider audience like that.  

Now what could they have done better?  Well i think they kinda of got side swiped by the MOBAs with SC2.  Not much you can do about that really.  It wasn't there fault so much that MOBAs came in and took the fuck over.  Well atleast it was the SC2 development teams fault, they coulda avoided this by buying Dota a long time ago. 

Their biggest real problems came about with their reaction to Riots LCS.  I think the WCS was a god damn disaster when it was announced. Now admittedly i am one of the MOBA causalities, so i didn't exactly stay up to date on what happened after WCS season 1.  However when all US events were 31 Koreans and 1 western player and then WCS came out with no region restrictions it kind of killed mine and a lot of peoples enthusiasm for the game.  Blizzard just sort of abandoned the local scenes every where and had no way of breeding and supporting new talent.  So the scenes got super fucking stale and boring.  Thats what i think about the e-sports side.

The big picture development though for SC2, as i said is hard to complain about.  They had a clear plan and that plan got blown up by unforseen boom of MOBAs.  Which lead to Heroes of the Storm and a possible shift in resources to that team from SC2.  Then the huge success of Hearthstone which was supposed to be a side project im sure has them rethinking some things as well. I think if they could go back and redo SC2 the game would be entirely fucking different.

  SC2 is like a game from another time at this point.  Its 6 years old and is from a pre Free to Play boom of things like Hearthstone and League.  Thats where E-sports are going to live from now on.  Thats where i think a game like Starcraft 3 or Warcraft 4 is going to have to go.  I just imagine WC4 as a free to play rts.  You buy Hero units and skins for your race. you get access to all the races and maps up front.  They sell you heros and continuously make new ones.  They sell undead Orc skin packs.  They sell campaigns and story content.  Honestly it sounds fucking incredible to me and i hope someone there has thought of this.  If they want to make a RTS E-sport take over again they need to go this route imo.  SC2 is a great game but right now its a game from another generation.  The last gasp of a relic, and the design would have to change if it were developed today.


**Edit** this was a total rant, i could talk SC2 and Blizzard all day long.  Not going back to see how silly i sound haha.  F it.
"
"You have to consider the genre as well. RTS in general, *as a mainstream game genre*, is dying hard. I feel that back in the days of Starcraft 1, Warcraft 2/3, Command and Conquer games, Age of Empire games, LOTS of people were playing RTSes, and nowadays that audience has shrunk down to more of a niche. "
"This is a good call that for some reason I hadn't focused on. 

I'm already helping him with some anti-virus software upgrade that is out of my scope of work, but I know which bar across town he likes.  I'll have to try and catch him there."
"The PS4 definitely has the upper hand. It's by far the sales leader right now, which is really important early on. It's crushing the Xbox One internationally. Microsoft has completely lost Britain, which was their only big market other than the US, and I doubt they will even hang on to that. It's as cheap but objectively more powerful in every way. It has a larger game library (I don't know where you got your numbers, but it's over 100 counting everything that has been announced or is already out). It also has Street Fighter 5. That may not seem like a lot, but SF is such a big series in the fighting game genre, one that has never been exclusive between consoles before, and one that will definitely pull a lot of fighting game fans. To see such a huge franchise forgo a multi-console release is pretty surprising. I very much doubt that 8 years from now the PS4 and Xbox one will be neck and neck like the PS3 and 360.

"
"Doesn't Candy Crush Saga have micro-transactions? Will this game have micro-transactions available? That is my biggest concern. If it just a free copy with no micro-transactions then while it is not something I want, I don't really care, hell my wife will probably love it. But fuck bundling F2P games that encourage people to spend money."
"&gt; well, Bejeweled itself is a ripoff of Columns

Do you even remember Columns?

They're ***nothing*** alike.

[Columns.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmIucANqxaE)

[Bejeweled.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qjXjTtXuGM)


How the fuck you got ""rip off"" when one is a match three, the other is a Tetris-esq clone, is beyond me."
"eh i dont like when people try to compare Microsoft and Sony financially when they are talking Consoles.  There was a article last year that was talking about how PlayStation spent a significant amount more than Xbox did on marketing.

Sony has come out and said that PlayStation is there focus.  They've basically gone all in on that Brand and redone their entire branding to fit more into the PlayStation one.  Xbox is never going to over take Windows as the Microsoft focus.  So while Microsoft has much more money than Sony, that doesn't exactly translate to Xbox having more resources than PlayStation.  I think its important to remember this when discussing the consoles."
They said that the final game would look better than the pre-release screenshots. Here we are now and now they're trying to backpedal from that statement. Fuck 'em. I'm sure the game is great but I'm not giving my money to liars. 
"Look at the minimum requirements and tell me again it's optimized. For the trailer graphics, those settings would make sense, but for this? Heck no."
"Well, I'm willing to bet MS are getting a ton of cash for doing this.

It doesn't surprise me. Seeing as they are practically giving the OS away to a *lot* of people, they are effectively losing out on millions.

My concern was that ads would somehow be embedded into the OS. If they are just pre-installing software like games, then I think that's better for the consumer than ads. At least games are much easier to remove.
"
"Don't excuse their downgrade with the hope that they'll do right with an extended edition.

After all, didn't they say they're going to release DLC?  How would an Extended Edition fit into that plan? We probably won't see an Extended Edition if that's the case."
"People are bitching because they were lied to about how the game looks. If CDPR were upfront about the graphics downscaling earlier and not now when people are calling them out on it and especially not when its due to be released 4 days from now, I'm sure people will be mildly disappointed but they'll get over it quickly enough."
"Visually this looks much like Gal Civ2. Assuming there are game play differences? I put a few hundred hours into 2 and would hate to buy 3 only to find out it's just an engine update.

  Is there a easy rundown of whats new?"
"&gt; They lied? Did you not see the video where the devs said optimization is the reason the graphics changed?

So you're saying that the proof that they didn't lie is a video of them lying?

One of the devs came out with the full story: http://whatifgaming.com/developer-insider-the-witcher-3-was-downgraded-from-2013-list-of-all-features-taken-out-why

Basically they cut graphical features from the PC version because the console couldn't handle them, and they didn't have the manpower to maintain two separate versions of the game."
"on the plus side it's really easy to get rid of that sort of stuff, and even though resellers can still customize the installation, if you ever need to refresh/reset your system, [the uninstalled software **stays** uninstalled](http://www.howtogeek.com/216751/bloatware-banished-windows-10-eliminates-the-need-to-ever-reinstall-windows-on-new-pcs/)

&gt;Today, getting a fresh image requires performing a full reinstall of Windows today. This means downloading a Windows 7, 8, or 8.1 ISO file from Microsoft, putting it on installation media, and installing it from scratch.

&gt;On Windows 10, you’ll just need to remove a manufacturer-provided package of changes and refresh or reset your PC to get a fresh Windows system."
"&gt; What's the issue with it coming with the OS?

Anyone that gives a shit was gonna download it anyways. The rest of us will just be annoyed. It's like when I get a device that already has McAfee installed. "
"At this point I think I just need to take a break from /r/games when a game comes out that I am actually looking forward to (and that sadly doesn't happen very often anymore). 

I love this community, but you guys can really suck the fun out of everything sometimes. 

The only problem is what am I supposed to do *instead* all day at the office. I can't play agar.io the whole day. 

Or can I?"
"You watched 13 minutes of a massive, open world, hugely story driven RPG and decided that it's ""alright, but not amazing"". Jesus...."
"There's a great bit in the books where Geralt talks about how hard it is for Witchers to find work nowadays. He tells of coming across a troll by a bridge and when he asked the nearby villagers what they would be prepared to pay for him to slay it, they all start begging and pleading him not to touch it.

Sure, the troll had beaten some people to pulps and broken some bones when they refused to pay the toll. But he maintained and repaired the bridge. Paying his toll was far cheaper than what the villagers could maintain it for."
"I backed the game and only actually played recently. At first I was kind of excited about how big everything seemed... But then slowly you realise exactly how shallow the game actually is. At least I got a few hours out of it.

There was potential but I think I far preferred Supcom"
"That's some revisionist history if I've ever seen any. Xbone's 'PR disaster' was just misinformation? Are you serious? Was the restriction on used games a misunderstanding? Was the 'check in online every X hours' a misunderstanding? 

Look, we can all appreciate the console's turnaround, but don't pretend like the catastrophe was just miscommunication."
The difference is packaging innocent little time wasters and something that will keep asking for your credit card...
"Because it's useful to advertise games before the day before release.

It seems most people who have never worked on a large software project don't understand that sometimes *requirements change*. It's not like developers, any developers, sit in a shadowy board room discussing how to best lie to the customers and where graphical downgrades should be best placed for the most shock value.

They work for a little bit on the project, release a trailer or advertisement, and then they realize something isn't right. Perhaps video memory usage is causing some weird bugs on certain hardware setups. Perhaps performance isn't reaching the target. Perhaps a million other things. So then you have to change something. And suddenly your trailers are ""lies"". The only way not to ""lie"" would be, in these cases, to release an unfinished and buggy or poorly optimized product, and then you and everyone else would be complaining about that.

It's either advertise with the knowledge that sometimes something changes, or don't advertise and face lower sales."
"The problem is that taking a feature from development to final release requires testing, and testing in a video game is extremely difficult due to the tremendous number of variables installed. It's even worse in a detailed open world! 

It's just a shader effect to you or me, but to them it's a huge amount of man hours that could be used elsewhere on features that over 5% of the player base can use. At some point it becomes a question of delaying launch so that people with high end hardware get a better experience, or dropping those features. 

If we're lucky, ""dropping"" means turning them off in a configuration file, because chances are they work fine with some minor bugs somewhere. "
That really was a memorable quest. [And it also could result in this](http://i.imgur.com/gWnGWTW.jpg).
"Warcraft 3 was definitely a great middle ground.  I think it's a game that nearly anyone can pick up, while still being complex enough for a pro scene.

Unfortunately the pro scene was never really as strong as Starcraft's, but perhaps that's the tradeoff of having a more accessible game.

Honestly, I stopped playing SC 2 after a few weeks, but avidly kept in touch with the pro scene.  It was definitely a spectator sport to me, like baseball or football.  I discussed different players' techniques and mentalities in forums, analyzed different builds, all while never playing a single game.  I never wanted to miss a tournament.  Then it all got kind of stale and I just stopped.

I don't care if Blizz's next big RTS isn't for me, I just care that it has a strong pro scene that is a blast to watch.  The glory days of SC 2 made me finally understand why some people care so much about football or baseball."
What about Hexic? I remember playing the crap out of that on the 360 back when it had the original tab dashboard
"I'll still buy the game and most likely enjoy it a ton, but this still annoys me. If they would have said from day 1 they were only doing optimizing once for all 3 platforms and the previous gameplay footage they showed had looked like this, I wouldn't be nearly as annoyed. Instead, they postponed the release and even after postponement ran out of time to optimize the PC version separately and decided everyone gets the Xbox One-optimized graphics and tried to play it off like they didn't downscale the graphics.

Like I said, I'm still going to buy it and I'm sure I'll have a great time playing it, but it's only human to feel a little disappointed especially when you've seen gameplay footage of what could have been."
"What do you by 'personnel that would destroy any competition if let off the leash?"" Why don't they unleash these people and destroy competition then? "
"This ""Issue"" for me is very simple and involves one simple question.

Were the graphics for the PC held back/hindered in any manner because of the XBox/PS4 versions?

If yes: I'm annoyed. That's bullshit.

If no: I couldn't care less, the game still looks great."
"I mean... I get that people are overreacting, but the bigger problem is that gamers feel repeatedly misled and lied to. It seems to be a real thing to get people as hyped as possible to encourage a ton of pre-orders and get people in the door, just to pull the rug out from under them and show that they were manipulated in order to get them to open their wallets.  And yeah, that's how every industry is, but it's been pretty blatant lately with games.

CDPR built a ton of good will, especially with PC gamers, promising that the PC version would be the definitive one, and that no sacrifices would be made.  Clearly that was not the case.  Assets were downgraded to match the inferior console hardware, and it shows. 

Ultimately it just reinforces the axiom that you should not pre-order, *no matter what.* No matter how good the game looks, how trusted the studio is, or what kind of track record the producers have, you should never, ever pre-order a game. It encourages this sort of baiting and dishonesty. I don't think it's too much to ask that the previews accurately reflect the product when the game company promises in good faith that will be the case."
"Basically the only option to use it where it didn't suck (sorry for the pun) would be in the same situation as the trailer, where you were going to fight maybe 1 really strong bloodsucker."
"Don't blame MOBAs for SC2's lack of success. Blame Blizzard's lack of willingness to adapt to the rise of MOBAs business model as well as issues that plagued the scene from within. A Blizzard that followed Riot's development model would have been a force to be reckoned with. A Blizzard that took months to do anything just to change the bunker refund amount wasn't.

They blatantly ignored the community, doing what they saw was best to do instead."
"They fucked the competetive play by focusing on competetive play. Sounds like a paradox, but it's a mistake many made. We love circlejerking on how Our Mechanics are more ""competetive"" than Your Mechanics, but in reality, when it all started, nobody gave a damn. Quake was initially hyped as the super shiny revolutionary graphix game, an advertising angle that all who praise Ye Good Olde Shooters hate so much nowadays. Took three popular installments to get to the Arena. Starcraft was originally a mess when it comes to balance, but people had tower defense and all that silly map editor shit to keep em busy and interested in online play. Dota? Fun mod for WC3. LoL? Casualized DotA. 

SC2 went so hard into ""competetive"" territory that the game just isn't fun on any level lower than diamond, maybe plat. You build your blob, you send your blob, 10 seconds battle, end of story. There is no incentive to get better if you don't enjoy the game on a lower level. No high of picking techies and just randomly getting kills in your trench tier pub, no enjoyment of blowing up the other newbie with yet another ""I Totally Aimed That"" mid air rocket hit. If your blob overtakes the enemy blob, sure it's cool, but to get that five seconds of fun you spent like 15 minutes of worrying about hitting injects and all that stupid shit (that doesn't even give you interesting choices to make, it's literally just there to keep people stressed). If the enemy blob overtakes yours, you blame protoss and leave convinced that the game balance isn't quite right. It's in the very core of the game's mechanics and I doubt any amount of managment could change that.

"
"I think the difference was that with Bioshock we saw the changes that made with each new bit of media. Not this whole ""Here's how the game is gonna look! LOL JOKE! That was just for previews. Have this downgrade."""
"Warcraft 4 makes the most sense since Legacy of the Void is supposed to be Starcraft 2's final expansion. It will easily outsell Starcraft 2 since Warcraft is their biggest cash cow. Even if the game was garbage, it'll net profit simply for being titled ""Warcraft 4""

All you have to do for the story mode is say WoW is an alternative universe than the Warcraft RTS universe and continue WC4 wherever you wish from after WC3.

It plays different enough too. (Hero units, creeps, taverns, items,  less food total overall. 100 compared to Starcraft 2's 200)

The biggest question is do they want to? The RTS genre is on a decline. People dont want to control 30+ units, they want to control 1 and specifically in MOBAs. the RTS and MMORPG genre have been declining, so the question becomes if Blizzard wants to step back towards RTS. Blizzard has a trend of following the new trend, not creating the trend. They steal the trend and make it better/a little less stressful. Original WoW devs were not shy about admitting they were hardcore Everquest players and tried to make WoW a more casual experience than Everquest, and it worked.

Heroes of the Storm is probably the lowest skill-cap required to be a good MOBA player between the 4 main MOBAS (League, Dota 2, Smite, Heroes) They simply copied MOBAs and tried to make it a more casual experience in their own universe, just like WoW copying Everquest. (Although vanilla WoW was definitely not a casual experience especially in comparison to today, but back then yeah WoW was way ""softer"" than EQ)"
"There probably was some deal. Maybe King agreed to let Microsoft port the game to Windows Phone with their new tools in return, and market the tools using that.

Obviously Microsoft must have *some* reason to do this, as clearly this bundling itself only benefits King."
"

&gt;All you have to do for the story mode is say WoW is an alternative universe than the Warcraft RTS universe and continue WC4 wherever you wish from after WC3.


oh be still my heart"
"MS will get kickbacks from the in-app purchases, in the same way they do from App Store sales.

Apple charge 30% or so and I can't imagine for a moment that Microsoft will suddenly become a charity and charge much less than that."
Of course it doesn't pull out a gun and force you. It does however encourage to do so or withhold game play. While it may seem innocent these games prey on kids and people with poor impulse control. While the games that have this can be fun (I for one love Peggle) the model is scummy and I'm disappointed Microsoft is directly promoting it.
"nah, it's just that at a competitive point, which matchmaking will always be, RTS are so fucking hard and stressful, unless you are at the very top, or hell even at the very top, there's always more stuff you could do, never a real downtime, which makes RTS really exhausting.
The reason Warcraft 3 was played as long was because of the funmaps, and what were the most popular ones? The one where you only control a single unit.

Army, base, resource management is all really fun and even relaxing if you can do it on your own pace, but when you play against a random human opponent that falls out of the window and it starts becoming a never ending race against your own limitation.
Pair this with not being able to blame your teammates if you lose, I think that's why RTS as they are right now are just ultimately not fun to play on 1v1 against strangers for most people and the real reason why SC2 has not he mainstream success as Dota, lol and csgo.

But that's just my opinion and maybe Archon Mode in LotV will help resolve this issue, as you can split the base and army management between two players."
"I was about to get bummed out by the fact that a great game from a great studio would turn around and re-release in such a short time, but then they had to go and say it's free.Well done. Lots of great stuff in this update."
"It's a smart way to get more revenue out of the same original development budget, and it makes everyone who already has it happier. As much as Larian are now multistudio and multiproject, they still *need* to get as much out of their projects as possible as much as the big companies."
"So just like wasteland 2, announcing the enhanced edition along side console release. The community called it!

Also anyone else hoping one of Larian's other two secret projects is a rpg set with space travel. I'm personally hoping to one day play an rpg set in something like 2nd edition Dungeons and Dragon's Spelljammer universe. :P"
"&gt;the days of Starcraft 1, Warcraft 2/3

A ton of those players weren't playing the default 1v1 ladder but a massive range of free custom maps. Now you have a much larger choice of free or really cheap games online, not to mention Blizzard messing up the custom games in SC2.

Now when someone wants to try some new game to kill an hour of so, they will scroll through their steam library checking out a bunch of humble bundle games they didn't even know they had, instead of scrolling through SC2s arcade section."
"* Coming for  PS4 and Xbox One as well as PC, Mac, SteamOS and Linux
* Local split screen
* All characters are now fully voiced by AAA-voice actors
* New quests, new characters, and new content
* Entirely new gameplay modes and character builds
* A heavily rewritten story with a brand new ending
* Massively reworked visuals and sound effects
* Gamepad controls on console and computer
* FREE for current D:OS owners, delivered on the same platform they bought it for."
"People using those bots probably saved enough months in farming to have the 6 months back. Also this quote is kinda interesting on why only 6 months:

&gt; Because 6 months is November. When the possible new expansion is released. Don't kid yourself... Blizzard isn't stupid... they aren't going to miss out on that revenue.

Blizzard always wait for a long time before they ban a lot of users, they say they want to gather data of the cheat/hack before banning. That's why those announcement are always a huge number."
"Here's what's hard to understand if you're not a developer:

Before you have the game finished, you *don't know* how your graphics are going to look. If you tune the settings in a way that will make it run at 30fps on a PS4 while you don't even have all the LOD models finished, you're going to show people a very shitty ""trailer"". It's bad marketing *and* a misrepresentation of your intended product.

So what you do instead is crank up the settings, let the demo run at 5fps on a devkit, speed that up to 30fps and show that instead.

Either way you do it, you're going to be misrepresenting the final product - because the final product doesn't exist yet and you can't know ahead of time how many of those features can stay or have to go once all the optimization is done.

**personal anecdote:**

I was recently working on a moss shader for an unannounced PS4 game. What it did was make layers of masked moss that ""stick out"" of a surface when applied. Really cool stuff, but it does mean that every surface you apply it to effectively becomes 4x slower to render (because it had 4 layers). I warned the environment team to be careful with it, but in no time it was all over every ruined building or rock face in the game.

So when rendering at full settings, the thing runs at 10 fps. However, there's a solution; we can hand-model the moss into the building block models instead of using the layered real-time shader (which is much slower). But that takes a lot of time and won't be finished until close to release. So the expensive moss is there as a placeholder.

So what should we do for an E3 video? Do we show the game without moss? Then we're not showing what the game will look like. Do we show the game with moss, but a ""cheated"" framerate? Then we're going to be accused of downgrading our game when it later turns out the hand-modeled moss doesn't look as good as we thought it would.

The game and it's performance doesn't actually revolve around my moss - but it's just an example to demonstrate what this is like from a developer perspective. "
"Hey, does anyone know if they ever fixed the issue with party members getting pissed if you heal them with elemental magic?

Say you cast a fireball spell on someone who has 150% fire resist, it heals them, but they act like you attacked them."
"So Wasteland 2 gets an enhanced edition and now D:OS...

This is shaping up to be a very good year for me."
Youtube compresses all of their videos (with some exceptions) to reduce server load. The compression can reduce video quality.
"Wow, that is incredible.

I really wanted to like Original Sin, but for some reason I just couldn't get ""into"" it. I just bumbled around with no idea what to do, where to go and how to get anything done. Basically I lacked guidance and immersion.

It looks like Larian is going to get me to play it after all.

"" *From the very first day of production, we designed the Enhanced Edition to be optimized for DirectX 11 graphics. For our Windows players, this means that Divinity: Original Sin Enhanced Edition will require a 64-bit system and a graphics card with DirectX 11 hardware support. However, both editions of the game will remain available to everyone on Steam, so Windows players with 32-bit systems and DirectX 9 will always be able to play Divinity: Original Sin.*"""
"The thing is is that we're funding a lot more than a game here. If enough of us throw money at this campaign, we're funding what is essentially *the resurrection of Rareware.* That's huge, and I'll back the fuck out of that cause. I've never backed a Kickstarter project but it felt great to pledge to this one.
  
As far as the quality of the game goes, I have no doubts right now. I was honestly unimpressed with the character design when I saw it, but when I saw the various different facial expressions on the page, I saw that there is a lot of potential for these two to be sassy, witty, classic Rare cartoon characters. From what it sounds like they're basically making Banjo Kazooie in a different skin and they're not even trying to hide it. I am 1,000% okay with that."
"Awesome news. I was a kickstarter backer and loved the game when it was released. The dynamic, sandboxy gameplay and some of the area design in the early areas were fantastic. The story was rather bland though and you could notice that the later areas got a lot less love by the developers. I'm glad they decided to rewrite the story a bit and I'm really looking forward to playing through it again. I'm also so glad that the game is coming to consoles so a lot of new people get a chance to experience the game."
"This is kind of like allowing Camel to package cigarettes in Lunchables. Candy Crush's business model abuses gambling addiction-like tendencies in susceptible people. It's one thing if people want to seek out the products of their own accord, but it's another thing entirely to expose potentially susceptible populations that didn't ask for it."
"It is such a brilliant game now, I can sit down and just lose myself. The major turning point for me was Reaper of Souls and that is what really sucked me back into the game.

I was one of the many that was disappointed 3 years ago, but now I really think its the best game of its kind on the market by far.

P.S The Console versions are amazing ports as well, credit to Blizzard for managing to get all versions amazingly polished"
"No play in dota is harder than Starcraft 2. I'm a fan of both games, master in sc2,  played dota in wc3 and now play league. 

Trust me on this, Starcraft is harder in almost every way. Missing even a day of practice will show in your play drastically. It's a significantly more mechanical game, so the amount of things you need to memorize is a little less, but the micro and macro of it is wayyyyyy harder than dota. High level sc2 play is incredibly unforgiving. "
"The local co-op/split screen is coming to PC too. Which makes me happy, as I think more PC games need to support this."
"Islandwood ain't strictly mobile to PC per se, but rather iOS to anything running Windows 10. Astoria's what they're using for porting Android apps."
"It kinda makes sense though. If you would get healed by someone stabbing you in the chest, you would still be stabbed in the chest. "
Pay to even continue is more like it. The only people who can complete that game without paying at all are the fuckers who can do a Rubik's cube in fifteen seconds.
"All I can say is about fucking time.

This was **one night** of random queues *1 and a 1/2 years ago.*

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKUyeN4kKLo&amp;list=PLssfXPidRMXunghoFOOQeIFRvxPkEkjeS

I quit not long after for 9 months, and returned to see exactly the same level of bullshit- resulted in me leaving for another 5months.

Word of this ban has brought me back to test the waters.

The current unofficial numbers being throw around are +100,000 users. Id honestly say thats a low ball estimate and wouldnt be suprised if the numbers were closer to 1/2 a million."
"Eh, I'm worried about this. I feel like it'll blow up in their face. They're pushing this game way too hard as an e-sport when it's clearly designed for casual play.

I think the game is fun enough to play, but it's not enjoyable at all to watch. There's very little room for interesting/innovative play, so even though everyone's constantly fighting, nothing exciting is actually happening."
"I guess standard edition will not be ported to Linux at all, instead they release EE on all platforms simultaneously. "
Game critics were basically hailing Bioshock Infinite as the second coming of Christ. Probably the most overhyped game I've ever played.
"HIGHLY disagree with pretty much everything there. In fact i'd say its the other way around. The first zone is the most confusing ""What do i do here"" zone. After that it takes a massive upswing and becomes a LOT better."
"Yeah, they said that, and it's a really neat feature. The concern is they're now saying that Candy Crush Saga constitutes as a base package on the fresh install. They're making it harder for OEM's to put lots of bloatware on it, and they're countering that by putting their own bloat in its place. As /u/mabellon pointed out to me, base packages stay in the staging area AND on the user side, meaning that theres always at least 2 copies on a system on a fresh install, with +1 copy per user. CCS will add to that, most likely."
"It really is a reboot, though. It's Battlefront in the sense that it's large-scale, air-ground, Star Wars combat, but it's dropping the defined classes. It's taking many themes and gameplay ideas from the last two games, but making it different enough to where it isn't really a direct sequel."
"I love the first part of the game. You have a murder on your hand, how do you solve it? Well you could try to look at the corpse. You could talk to the wife and the eyewitnesses, You could visit the victims home. I think there is a mistress or rumors about one as well, go talk to her. Talk with people who knew the guy. All approaches rewards you with clues. This is how tabletop rpg feels like, and how gaming rpg should aspire to feel. Not the ""you have a murder to solve, here are the checkpoints you have to visit. Don't worry about the dialog, thats just fluff."""
"&gt; They dont tell you where to go or what to do, really.

Whenever I read this observation I always think ""since when has the objective in an rpg NOT been ""go everywhere, do everything""? 

The maps are not so big that you could ever get lost or not find something. Pick a direction, start walking, see what you find. That's.. how to play an rpg. And in fact D:OS hugely rewards this playstyle specifically.

I also find it odd that I see this as a complaint often for D:OS but it gets praised to no end in games like Dark Souls and Skyrim. To each their own I guess."
"The whole game doesn't lend itself very well to being watched competitively. With the way the maps work I fear they are painting themselves into a corner in terms of their meta play. There just isn't a lot of room for an interesting meta to develop. You pretty much have to respond to the objectives as they pop which leads to some really predictable fights and the fights themselves just aren't that great. The game is fun to play, but to me personal I think of it as Streets of Rage Moba Lite. It's fun to get in there and fight and the heroes are kind of fun to use, but ultimately the skill cap in this one just isn't nearly as high as Dota. Heck I'd even say LoL is much better, and I'm a Dota nut.  Smite is even more interesting as an esport than Hots in my opinion. "
"&gt; Non power users will have a difficult time getting the bloat off their systems.

In my experience this is the #1 way that non-power users *become* power users. Doing people a favor really."
"I read the articles, but maybe I'm just bad at reading. How is Microsoft forcing Windows onto manufacturers? Windows is the industry standard, like it or not. Most people want a PC that can run most things which means they want a Windows PC. Because most people want Windows PCs, most manufacturers are going to make a deal with Microsoft to put Windows on their products to make them more enticing.

But if you don't want a Windows PC, there are options. [System76](https://system76.com/) sells laptops, desktops, and servers with Linux preloaded. Apple sells their OS. You might not be able to walk into a standard brick-and-mortar retailer and buy a computer with Linux on it, but that's because Linux users are the vast minority. Outside of people in IT or who are interested in the matter, Linux is *extremely* small.

Something I found funny that EU courts are doing is making Microsoft reveal code. Let's pretend that Dodge cars all came with a new fuel tank that was very cheap to make and could handle standard gasoline and diesel and because of this, they have the largest market share by far. Let's also pretend that, for whatever reason, nobody except for Dodge could actually open up the tank and figure out how it's built. Should they be forced to reveal how it's built to promote competition?"
"What does the bot actually do ? (I haven't played wow since TBC)

I gathered from videos it is Battleground PvP farming related,...Just curious."
"&gt;in the sense that it's large-scale

Imagine the Battle of Hoth. 20v20. Without bots. And AT-ATs on rails. I just can't imagine how that should feel ""big"" or similar to the films in any way (and to the older Battlefronts).

"
"Is it MS doing that or is it the PC manufacturers? Most people buying a non-Apple computer do want Windows pre-installed, in would cost the manufacturers money to make exceptions for a few people."
"I'd heard one of the main issues with DivOS was the plot which crumbled a bit in the later stages, sounds like they're targeting that for EE."
"Not to mention that 6 months is way too short for an expansion to be announced, proceed through the alpha and beta phases and finally be released.

Besides, 6.2 isn't even out yet. It's still on the PTR, and it wouldn't surprise me if it was like that for at least a few more weeks. The previous expansions have milked the last content/raid for at least nine months, and that's assuming that nothing actually comes after Hellfire Citadel (which I strongly doubt)."
"This was my first thought as well. I hope Bandai-Namco see this, because the shit they pulled with Scholar of the First Sin was really low."
So i dont have D:OS yet but ive been interested in it for a while. what should i do? buy the original so i get this free? wait for this to come out?
"Maybe if they fixed the game running like ass they could get some more people interested in it. 970/i5 here, couldn't play it because of the constant stuttering and FPS drops."
"HonorBuddy nowadays can do just about anything. It can do battleground farming, but it can also do PvE and fishing and about anything else you can think of."
"If it's any consolation, Namco Bandai probably won't be publishing the future games in the Dark Souls line, due to From Software's acquisition by Kadokawa."
"I've played a lot of both games and the brick wall of knowledge in SC2 is much much larger than league. 
You need to know every single build order you can do and your opponent can do at any given time. 

Know when to scout and where to scout. 

Know the skills for each unit. 

Know the optimal upgrade path in any given situation and the right response to scouting.

You even get recommended items in LoL in SC2 you won't see recommended build orders whilst mid game. It's all knowledge you have to acquire before even stepping into a game."
"This is such a minor issue, it's laughable. This is like solitaire or space cadet pinball coming with the OS."
"Hearthstone was also designed for casual play and yet it's pretty successful as an esport spectator-wise, even though there is much less real action going on in a card game. HotS biggest problem is that Dota/LoL and to a lesser extend Smite are already pretty big. We'll see if they get their own giant crowd with HotS."
"The important question is: is it really more fun to dogfight in space? Personally I would say no, after havilg played BF2"
"I think the degree to which botting is successful in WoW only goes to show how the most lucrative activities are automatable and boring for the average player. Compare this to a game like EVE where the most profitable activities can be heart-pounding and require teamwork and you'll find a solution to reducing the number of bots around. Sure EVE has bots and CCP works to deal with them, but aside from market bots that constantly undercut and update sell/buy orders, they're not earning nearly as much as someone who is actually at the keyboard and wants to bring home the bacon.

One of the biggest problems with WoW is that there's never been any balls-to-the-wall solo content that greatly rewards skilled players. If someone wants honor the best they can do is run battlegrounds all day and they might as well just automate the process."
They are calling it a reboot because it is one.  It's a different company doing a couple different things.  Also in case you forgot The original Battlefront didn't have space battles.  BF2 didn't have atmospheric flight.
"I'm pretty sure he's not saying action RPGs are niche, just the From Software games in general which have crushing difficulty."
"I found space dogfighting to be fine, but the real fun part was damaging parts on the capital ships. Get a bunch of dudes in a transport, fly into the enemy hangar, and blow shit up as a badass boarding party."
"Not freemium perhaps? Just think about all the mums and grandparents and whatnot who don't game at all but instead play 3 hours of soliter per day because it was already installed for them. 

Now imagine having a ""freemium"" game like candy crash. Millions and millions of people will fall into the pay2win trap. It's as brilliant as it is scummy."
"So...does that mean that RTSs were always weak on the competitive side? Y'know, since most people were playing the customs instead."
"Odds are this will come out after the next big Steam sale (summer I believe), so if you buy the original game at a decent discount then it should be cheaper than buying the enhanced edition when it releases."
because space is boring AF without the full blown capital ships. I would rather them be on ground where theres lots of variety and terrain to make it different.
Pretty hilarious if suddenly... BOOM! Peter Molyneux bursts out of the wood-works and announces he's directing this game. 
"After all the whining about lack of game modes, it turns out not all modes were announced yet. Who would have thought. 

"
"I love having this argument every single time. My comment was about a promised port that didn't happen yet not about what operating system I run. I could give you million reasons why I don't want to run Windows but none of that has any bearing on what I said here. 

EDIT: Didn't mean to be so harsh but still, kind of gets a bit wearing when you answer the question like 90 times. If you want to actually know why ill answer for you. "
"Yes. Warcraft 3 and especially Brood War had large competitive scenes - large for RTS games. At the time, that was about the only big esports genre, but that's not really relevant now. Anyways, with a genre as hardcore as RTS, you can't have the competitive scene keep a game alive by itself. You need the casual players who might dabble in the competitive modes, might watch some games here and there, but ultimately stay for the casual content.

This is where custom maps in Brood War/War3 shined. You had a list of what was open, you clicked something that looked cool, you joined it, you played. With SC2, you click the game you want to play and if it isn't in the top 10 most played, you hope somebody else is playing it. **Every game you could possibly play is in the list of games when you hit browse**, and there lies the problem. You don't have a list that shows you what lobbies are open. You don't have a list that shows you how many people are currently playing a game. The only half-decent lists you have are top 10 most popular and top 10 rated. Even then, top 10 rated doesn't mean anybody's playing them anymore. If you don't like to play one of the 20 or so custom games that everyone else is playing, good luck finding anybody."
"More like, people who get lucky and get a good board draw that actually gives them a possible victory outcome."
"Add Harebrained Schemes with Shadowrun Returns: Dragonfall. 

&amp; FTL 

&amp; we are probably missing some others here as well. "
"I am really wondering how this will turn out. Generally developers trying to push a game as an esport right out of the box have a huge failure rate. Then again this is Blizzard which has a history of esports titles and experience on the subject.

With Hearthstone they were focused on making an accessible and fun cardgame and it became a huge success. It took them forever to even put a spectator mode into the game because the idea of Hearthstone as an esport wasn't part of their core design philosophy.

Sure they embraced it once the community showed interest, but that's usually how it goes. With Heroes they now seemingly want to reverse that process and make it an esport-title first and then hope the community will come and support it. I am skeptical about that process, especially considering that Hearthtone at around this stage of developement had an active and numerous following on twitch while Heroes doesn't really seem to get good viewership despite the fact that various popular community figures (Khaldor, Grubby, Idra, ...) are investing into the game..."
"Think you hit the nail on the head here. StarCraft 2 is the only game blizzard designed to be competitive and as such did not ask the important questions like, Is this mechanic fun? Do it add anything meaningful to the game?

People say blizzard make casual games, But what they really excel at is trimming the fat from popular genres and in the process revolutionizes the way people come to look at those genres."
"Honestly, I would prefer a dogfighting only experience because a lot of online matches boiled down to one team fighting off the other teams boarding party and vice versa. I just want to fly a goddamn x-wing is that so much to ask! but I would like the backdrop to be in space, but also have something to fly over such as the death star trenches."
"The new difficulties were actually what made me lose interest in the game pretty quickly.

I loved playing through the campaign three times in D2 and early D3, because it gave the mindless farming of items some background. Now you just play through the game once, and then simply select the area/quest you want to farm, and then the difficulty you want to farm on. Repeat ad nauseam. It turned the game into a shopping center. 

I'm just not a fan of the mindless item grind, that's the endgame of most ARPGs. I don't really like repeating the same quest/area a hundred times, only to get some shiny pants. But the journey to the endgame actually made those things attractive for me. After they've taken that journey out, the game lost it's appeal. Adventure mode was supposed to offer more besides the grind, but didn't do it for me."
"I felt all warm 'n fuzzy when the game didn't pinpoint everything to me. I had no problems knowing or figuring out what to do or where to go. What I didn't like, were the incredibly small hidden switches and such. I had to look those up online a couple of times.
I don't think every RPG should be this 'style', but in Divinity's case it was much appreciated.

Now that I think of it, I did take a ""wrong"" turn at one point - I ended up taking on [Spoiler](#s ""Loic"") many levels earlier than intended and the fight took me over an hour due to him outhealing all my damage every other turn, but slowly I was able to nudge down his health. While I was frustrated during the fight, it felt like an achievement afterwards and made me appreciate the game more that it was possible to do this without breaking the plot or a questline."
"It's shocking that Blizzard was so goddamn close to the solution. You *do* have a list of lobbies with players, but it's tucked away on the left when you enter the Arcade, which has all the shiny stuff. What they needed to do was stick with the old listed lobby system, and use the arcade system like some sort of EpicWar/Hive Workshop/custom map catalog built into the client.

The problem with that, though, is the same problem as with Wc3: once one mode becomes extremely popular, it becomes difficult to find a new game mode. Maybe filter lobbies by keywords/map played?"
"One of the banned bots runs your DPS rotations for you in raid, so you don't have to do anything besides utility and movement.  The least disruptive one automated garrisons."
Imo the problem is more-so that hots is a lot less interesting and contains a lot less room for plays.
"Because Fallout is a narrative focused series and they stood to gain nothing from rebooting it. It was a genre transition, not a reboot. "
This isn't a space battle type franchise.  it's a shooter.  Even in BF2 Space Battles were secondary to the infantry stuff and BF1 had no space battles at all.  
It also makes sense that the space battles just weren't all that great in Battlefront 2 and DICE would rather spend time on features that they can guarantee people will enjoy.
Not like the AT-ATs were moving so horribly in the past games that they were pretty much already walking on rails. Turning that thing was impossible.
"I picked up talking to animals later in the game, but it struck me that the responses you get from them most of the time seem like a opt-in hint system. 

I feel a lot of people might have missed out on this as it's not a combat boost, so doesn't fit in with the gamer min-maxing mindset. If they changed it so it was a no-cost thing to pick up I think a lot of people would get on with it better. Perhaps give an early game choice between talking to animals, increased chance to spot hidden objects, etc."
"He can't destroy a franchise that doesn't exist yet. He feeds on burned gamers, wait until the sequel."
"There's the reason why W10 is free, you're forced to play a impossible level of Candy Crush on start up and when you fail, you have to pay to progress. "
"Holy shit.  Now they're not even ""ok""?  It seriously makes me laugh how touchy some gamers are.  ""They did one thing I don't like, they are now 100% complete garbage.""  "
"""thanks to everyone who supported us from the start, we now have X money left over to continue development work on. Let's release a free update for them.""  

The worst is they are trying to push more sales. As long as previous owners get the update then it should be okay."
"All I want, and I know it's not going to happen, is a resurrection of the 3D platformer. Back in the late nineties/early naughties we had Spyro, Crash, Banjo, Mario, the list goes on. Nowadays we've got little more than Mario.

It's my futile wish that this game shows publishers and developers that the market for these games isn't dead."
"I mean, to be fair, people were upset because a lot of the stuff they liked from Battlefront 2 was being announced as ""not in the game"". There wasn't any notice of ""not in the game, but don't worry we're adding some other baller stuff"", and so the internet acted accordingly. We can laugh now, sure, but the internet will react the moment something happens, and there was nothing but notices of ""not in the game"" for quite a while. "
I dunno. I saw a lot of redditors lambasting DICE for releasing a cashgrab that looked like a downgrade from Batlefront 2 because there was no news of space and story modes.
"Well they are trying to jump start all that I'm sure. So your reasoning not to do it, is sorta the reason why they are doing it. Does that make sense?
"
"They also removed most particle and volumetric effects.

Concurrent light sources seem to have particularly dropped."
"I don't understand how what you're describing doesn't apply to every game on Kickstarter. The whole point of Kickstarter, at least in the context of games, is to free the developers from having to seek funding from more traditional sources for all the reasons you seem to use to discredit SolarFall Games. How is wanting to keep creative control of the game you've been working on for 4 years a bad thing? How is involving the community in the development and funding of your game necessarily a bad thing? They aren't asking for money with nothing in return. They are doing what literally every other Kickstarter does which is offer rewards and incentives to ""invest"" in the development of their game. If you feel those rewards do not justify the amount of money they are asking for, then don't back the project. It's as simple as that."
"I love my XB1. I use it literally every day. I dunno if I'm their exact target audience or what but for entertainment it's a perfect one-stop shop. Being able to Skype with friends while we all play different games / watch different things or jump back and forth between what I'm playing and Hulu/Netflix/HBO/Amazon (etc.) if my girlfriend wants to watch something is awesome. I have a WiiU too, but that's more fore niche games that I want. My XB1 is definitely my entertainment hub and I'm very pleased with it. "
"As far as things go, if you enjoyed Gal Civ 2, this is a refinement of the formula they had in that game. 

Unlike Civilization, this newest iteration of Gal Civ actually includes many of the expansion pack features of Gal Civ 2 and adds to it by introducing hex-based combat as well as adjacency bonuses when building planetary improvements (example: Building 3 industrial sectors next to a fusion power plant now gives additional production bonuses) 

In Galciv 2 there was a basic ideology system but it was clunky. Once you researched Xeno Ethics it just popped up a window and said ""Choose what you'd like to be from hereon"" and provides a list of modifiers. In Gal Civ 3, there is no ""Mass Effect 3 ending pick one of 3 colours"" to decide your path option. Instead, what you choose throughout the course of random events adds ideology points to either ""Beneveloence"" ""Pragmatism"" or ""Malevolence"" and those Ideology points are further broken down into subcategories which you use to unlock things. (Example, 30 points in pragmatism trade subcategory unlocks something small, then if you continue along the trade subcategory you get increasingly powerful trade bonuses.)

The ship designer is back and as powerful as ever- but the ship designs itself have no bearing on the ship's performance (Like in GalCiv2). 

Also new is strategic resources. Unlike relics in GalCiv 2 (Which are still around btw) there are also a set of new resources floating around in space that you can build mining bases next to. These resources provide your empire with a variety of bonuses or construction opportunities. (Durantium found near asteroids, Tulium found on dead small worlds, Elerium found near nebulae, Antimatter found near black holes) 

Also something minor that really gets me nerdhappy- The random event art stills are **gorgeous** "
"I think that's fine, the spotlight at E3 should be the Wii U games. ~~Zelda,~~ Xenoblade, SMTxFE and unnanounced stuff like hopefully a new 
Metroid."
"I think its just the genre itself. When you are against another player in an RTS its like you are permanently in panic mode. It can be fun but exhausting. I used to play the shit out of brood war and loved me some Zerg. Literally every game, the second it started I'm mashing hot keys to get the earliest possible advantage. At no point in competative matches did I ever feel like I could take my foot off the gas, even for a second.  

I think that's why the popular competative games right now are so popular. Hearthstone, CS:GO, Dota/LoL. They all give you a moment every now and then to catch your breathe and recoup, which is exactly what casual players need to maintain interest, and you need casual players to help the game grow. "
"No need to call him ignorant that was uncalled for. Your grossly simplifying people on this subreddit were sceaming ""THIS GAME HAS NO GAME MODES GAAAAH CURSE YOU DICE/EA YOU RUINED MY CHILDHOOD"" before any details were out.

While actively witch hunting anyone who dared disagreed. 
"
"I can say that all the levels are not completely impossible. I downloaded a cracked apk which gives 9999999 lives or hearts or whatever, and some levels do take 100+ tries, but they can be passed without having to buy any of those special items.. Reached lvl 444+ before I uninstalled. "
"A detail that Microsoft won't mention is that after all the publicity, King decided it was necessary to [abandon Islandwood](https://www.thurrott.com/windows/windows-10/3457/candy-crush-saga-is-coming-to-windows-10-whether-you-want-it-or-not) and rewrite the game for Windows Phone."
"&gt; no news of space and story modes

Close, but no deathstick.  Allow me:

&gt; News of **no space and story modes**."
That sounds like a bad excuse to me. Why not just make really high res textures to begin with and then down-sample them for less powerful hardware?
"But I'm pretty sure you just got done telling everyone that Squadron Battles are nothing like space battles? Which one is it, friend?"
"The custom lobby system isn't fixed. It's virtually the same as it was in WoL but with a few extra bells and whistles.

SC2 is, mostly, doing nothing wrong. Archon Mode is a step in making it more accessible to people who watch a tournament and say ""I want to do that"". The main game is 1v1. Getting out of Silver League in 1v1 is something a majority of players will never do. The problem is that 1v1 in Starcraft is very stressful. Let's compare it to something recent: Mortal Kombat X.

You're looking at your character versus another character. It's only ever 1v1. It's very easy to get into and very straightforward. You lose when your health reaches 0. You win when your opponent's health reaches 0. Hit your opponent to make them lose health. Block to reduce the damage you take. This is move, these 4 buttons do atacks, this button is block. You can now play Mortal Kombat X at a very basic level. Mechanical skill is important in MKX, but as long as you just play smart you can win a lot of matches without long 40% combos. If you lose in MKX, most people should be able to say ""I wasn't landing hits. Maybe I should try a different tactic"" or ""I was getting hit way too much. I should block more"".

In Starcraft, you need both mechanical skill and game knowledge to win. To play at an entry level, you need to know what all the keys on the keyboard do, what all the units do, and what all the buildings do. While it's 1v1, you are managing multiple armies with multiple units that are all better in certain situations over others. If you lose, it could've been because you didn't make enough units. Or maybe your macro was slow. Or maybe it was because you make the wrong kind of units. Or maybe you could've microed better and won a key engagement. There are so many things that you can do wrong and it's so difficult to figure out just what you did wrong when you're first starting out.

The difference that I'm trying to point out is accessibility. Mortal Kombat is much more friendly to the new player than Starcraft. Because there is no good secondary, friendlier mode in Starcraft, people drop the game."
"In the map you see, the gates open at the start to let the defenders out and then close for the rest of the match. Only way out after that is the teleport on the right side. The bots have no way to detect if the gates are open so they also use the teleport right at the start.
So in this game almost all of his teammates are bots (~35 ""players"")."
"If I can do local co-op across both my monitors, with each player having their own monitor, that would be the most fucking amazing thing ever. "
"The plot in the first map is pretty good. It's an interesting murder mystery with fantasy fluff. It's not perfect or mindblowing, but it is engaging.

The plot completely falls apart when it becomes a generic save the world plot and doesn't have a single memorable element or character, and the villain turns out to be really lame. I think save the world plotlines can work if you have strong elements carrying it, but D:OS had nothing."
"Bots following a preset path and timing, after the gate opens you'll notice the large group, ~3/4 of the 40 man team sitting still. After the gates close (presumably to reduce the need for start up special case code) they all move as one to the teleport and begin thier programmed path around the battlefield.

If they get in range of an enemy they will attack using a pre programmed rotation, and if they die they will spawn and begin the path again.

One or 2 of these guys in a game would go unnoticed unless you were watching closely, but when there is 30 people moving on the exact same path, stopping at the exact same co-ordinate etc as one group its obvious as hell.

Another example https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Zh--9K4fAw

You'll notice the 2 teams pathing back and forth on thier respective sides of the map, turning on the *exact* same point."
"The coolest thing is that Platonic says in their kickstarter that they intend for this game to be the first entry in a larger Playtonic ""universe."" So if it does well, who knows what Rare ideas might get resurrected? We could see 3rd person shooters, racing games, maybe even a building demolition game (fingers crossed so hard)."
Can I make a wizard who doesn't bench 420 lbs? That's really the only change I want.. Beefcake Wizard was the thing that kept stopping me from finishing D:OS
"I feel like NX was only announced to alleviate concern about the mobile games announcement. They would have preferred to keep it a secret otherwise, I suspect."
"It is, but people were speculating Nintendo would stop making home consoles and only make mobile games. "
"It looks quite impressive visually, and the *Resource Opposition* sounds interesting. ARPGs are usually a bit too similar for my taste and this might mix things up a bit. 

And I have to admit, that's quite the detailed [crafting system](https://ksr-ugc.imgix.net/assets/003/783/472/945ef44bfd6d69c708914503c13ebcb1_original.gif?v=1431513172&amp;w=700&amp;h=&amp;fit=max&amp;auto=format&amp;q=92&amp;s=3dd4d8de52f751c160daffe8f2712f03) for an ARPG, in which you usually don't see too much of your weapons up close. The most interesting thing for me though, is that players are able to build their own dungeons , and then challenge other players to clear them. This is something I always wanted, so I hope this turns out rather well."
And in trying to over simplify it you might have just explained why they shouldn't even bother with space. 
"MS does not bundle Windows with any computer (other than the Surface). 

OEMs are the one's who decide which OS is installed on their computer. "
"It was announced at the same time as their mobile announcement, so people didn't think that Nintendo was going purely mobile or anything like that."
"This type of argument is stupid. Battlefront 2 is really old now, only has multiplayer because GameRanger took over, and it looks its age.

So, all in all, it's no wonder that people want the same game in better, not a game with their favorite stuff cut out."
"It's common knowledge that any time a console comes out, the R&amp;D department immediately starts working on the next console.  Nintendo has never taken more than 6 years to put out a new console, often releasing a new one after 5 years.  Since the Wii U came out in 2012, it's expected that we'll hear about their 2017 console around E3 time in 2016.

Why are they talking about NX at all?  Obviously the device is not ready for prime time, since NX is not a name that marketing would be happy about at all.  However, they only brought up the device to investors, to make investors feel like their investments will definitely yield a return, assuring them that Nintendo has a solid business plan for the future.  It was never announced to the average consumer."
It's still just horrendously boring to me. I even played hardcore this season to try to make it more interesting but all you do is join random games and do the same generic rifts.
The worst thing is that the hardware requirements are still absolutely insane for something like this. 
"This has probably been automodded (there's a hidden 100-character minimum for top-layer comments), but this is a) a joke, and b) made in North America."
"They've already spoken quite a bit about how they're putting enough thought into every single NPC that they could all have their own spinoff games - kart racers, adventure games, shooters, etc. Considering both Banjo and Conker got wildly different games after both originating in Diddy Kong racing (not to mention the Tiptup cameos in BK and BT), they've certainly proven they're great at that. "
"&gt; You do have a list of lobbies with players

This wasn't in the game at the start, which caused a ton of its initial influx of players to leave early. The one they did eventually add also has no character to it. It definitely helped when you could name your lobby."
"Some people are really reactionary and assume all kinds of things until specifically told otherwise. Nintendo's gonna delve into mobile gaming a little? THEY'RE ABANDONING CONSOLES! Okay, so Nintendo announces NX to alleviate thise concerns. OH MY GOD THEY'RE ALREADY ABANDONING THE WIIU I'LL JUST WAIT A YEAR TILL THE NEW CONSOLE COMES. Okay, so Nintendo makes it clear they're not announcing any details about it for a while because they clearly haven't abandoned anything yet, it's still *very* early in development. "
"&gt; Before you have the game finished, you don't know how your graphics are going to look.

Then until you know, don't show 35 minutes of gameplay footage. "
"You just described BF1, which was exactly that.  Little bit of intro text that served to give a teeny wee bit of context, then just a big battle.

BF2 however, each level at least had unique objectives, and the story wasn't bad.  ~~No cutscenes that I can recall but the voiceover text before (and after?) was fine enough.~~  Had cutscenes running under voiceover.

NewBF is getting ""Missions"" which are slices of gameplay that you can jump into.  Short bursts of action.

From the above post we can see:

&gt; for those not in the mood for large scale battles, we have created Missions

these Missions probably aren't huge battles like the multiplayer matches, or single player modes from BFs 1 and 2.

&gt; perfect for some quick Star Wars action

I'm thinking Modern Warfare 2's Special Ops mode, which I actually liked quite a lot.  The point here is that they're not following a story, like BF2, and less so BF1, they're independent segments of play."
I saw some other development videos of Yandere Sim a while back and it honestly surprised me at how much they made me want to play it. If the features keep expanding and adding cool things like this then this game will be great.
"What the fuck, Larian? I need to finish PoE at some point. Witcher 3 isn't even out yet and now I have to replay D:OS? That's like all of my free time for the next 6 months! 

This is AWESOME!"
"So basically a resurrection of what Rare was back on the N64?

*YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS*"
"For one thing, it's a lot less disorienting. Having an obvious 'up' and 'down' keeps players from getting completely turned around. Battlefront 2 had capital ships to orient by, but apparently this game doesn't.

Also it would resolve the fact that all bomber projectiles dropped towards an arbitrary down in a *zero gravity environment* in Battlefront 2."
"I'm probably one of the few people that play all 3 MOBAs in HOTS, DOTA and LOL, and my opinion is that the game simply isn't mature enough yet.

- The client is trash. My laptop with pretty decent specs can run both DOTA and LOL on average settings smoothly. I can't play HOTS at all on it, and this is a pretty big factor for the game's success in poorer regions. 
- Not enough heroes right now. You might see a lot of games decided in the pick phase because there are simply not enough alternative strategies given that each map has its own quirks that favour certain compositions. 
- Small player base. Hopefully this will change in time but queues for games take years and you see the same players a bit too often, especially at off peak hours. 

But to be honest I see HOTS attracting players interested in the genre without the experience in the big 2 in DOTA and LOL, but it won't convert anyone from those two games. . I have over 500 games in LOL and DOTA 2 each and my opinion is that the more complexity you introduce to a game makes it a richer experience but also further alienates new players. DOTA has 20 years of history and the player base is pretty entrenched, but it's a difficult game to get into. "
"Not even just the gaming community, but everyone. Probably due to the fact that we can share these kinds of stories with thousands of people online with one click. A tiny detail gets out, and everyone overanalyzes that detail to death, long before the originator of the detail has a chance to explain what it actually means."
"&gt;Jay Wilson was fired. Yes, he was fired[...] It's debated whether Jay was fired or not.

I don't think he was fired... it sounds like he was removed from the Diablo team and [began work on other projects](http://diablo.incgamers.com/blog/comments/jay-wilson-now-world-warcraft-designer) (Titan and subsequently World of Warcraft). That said, the game is much, much better now."
"First of all, it's three years, not two. Secondly Battlefront 1 was made in two years and Battlefront 2 was made in just over a year. So chill out about the development time.

On top of that, the complaints from the community you're hearing are pretty much baseless hearsay. Surprise, surprise! A lot of things haven't been announced yet. As seen with this post."
Why would that annoy you? you just said you don't want to replay the game. then why is an enhanced edition pissing you off? watch a video or read up on the changes. that's it. no need to get angry.
"&gt; Compare this to a game like EVE where the most profitable activities can be heart-pounding and require teamwork and you'll find a solution to reducing the number of bots around. Sure EVE has bots and CCP works to deal with them, but aside from market bots that constantly undercut and update sell/buy orders, they're not earning nearly as much as someone who is actually at the keyboard and wants to bring home the bacon.

I guess you are new to the game. Pretty much the all the biggest alliances bot, some of the biggest russian alliances had/has ISK selling company ties. Entire drone region were nothing but bots for years. Razor Alliance leader almost went to prison for tax evasion due to the house he bought with selling ISK. Goonswarm alliance leader quit his job (he was a lawyer).

EVE is far, far worse than anything you can see on a traditional MMO. Mainly because of how difficult it is to actually physically meet people in EVE. You have the local chat on normal space where bots can go back to safety of POS, and scanner bots in wormhole space to achieve pretty much the same effect. 

TL;DR EVE not only has a huge botting problem, but also has a huge real money tied corruption problem. CCP can't do anything about it but to hand light punishments every now and again."
"HS is also a lot less interesting and contains a lot less room for plays than, say, Magic. That hasn't hampered it's competitive scene."
"Really wish they would patch controller support into the pc version. Maybe it's a lot of work, no idea, but the small amount of the console version I've played felt much better than the K+M version so it would be nice to give pc players the option. "
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHeSHT2ZDnU It looks like this problem should be dealt with really long ago.
"I'd say even bigger reason is that giving something for free or cheap right before making announcement of a new product is a great way to get extra press and make sure people are listening to you.  Companies do this all the time, especially with games in a series where they'll significantly drop price on previous title or even give it away when the sequel is about to launch."
It pretty much makes sense. 95% of people who own a WiiU are buying this game blind no matter what. Why waste time and resources marketing it in this environment? Especially since they could do a Treehouse on it later on and it will draw way more attention than it would during E3 when people have eyes on other games as well.
"Uhh 2 years is plenty of time for game development, especially when the bulk of the game is Multiplayer? 

What are you on about? "
No? I don't get this argument.  There have never been any real evidence that company like Sony or MS paying devs to downgrade the game on other platform. Is this really what all graphics discussions can conclude?
"I don't think anyone ever whined about the general lack of game modes, But the lack of Galactic Conquest which was confirmed as not in the game was what people were whining about."
"What? How can you understand his point when you have information that further disproves it? 

There are plenty of good games that have been developed in under 3 years, and as Ancalgontheblack stated the previous battlefront games were developed in less time. 

Development time != a good game FYI. Look at DNF for example. Game took a fucking decade to develop and still turned into utter trash. "
"IMO the problem is the gear grind, they smooth it out this expansion. 

But before, bots were popular because you had to spent countless hours grinding so you could have a chance to not die instantly in PvP."
Are you kidding me? You don't actually believe this do you? Jesus christ some times I wonder if people think developers are even human or not. Give these guys a goddamn break. 
"It enables 2 player couch co-op, which changes this from a ""I'll get around to it one day"" to a must buy for me. "
"Yooka collected money in pounds though, not usd. Exchange rates change over time, you can't just convert ED's take from years ago using today's exchange rate and expect it to line up. 

The true numbers are Yooka £1,594,836 vs Elite £1,578,316"
Honorbuddy's site advertises that it has over 200k accounts. So 500k seems too crazy for me unless there's a ridiciulous bot somewhere.
"I personally haven't seen the WP version of candy crush, I only have experience with the android one, and it specifically runs in the background constantly (it runs at boot whether you ask it to or not), downloading and uploading all sorts of data. According to various sources online, they specifically hand over my data to government authorities. I'm less concerned about the data being transferred to third parties, and more concerned about the cumulative effects on performance. 

That said, its not like Solitaire or Minesweeper, simple executable files that had no other hidden functions other than the actual game elements. This is, from the comments, a rather invasive piece of software from a disreputable company being included as a base package for my OS, and my greatest problem with it, is the ease or difficulty in removal."
"They prefer not to show footage of a non complete game? 

Considering the crap storm happening currently about the tech demo/older Witcher 3 footage compared to now, and the gamings community reaction to the ""downgrade"", do you blame them?"
"If they didn't announce it, there would already be 24 kotaku articles saying that the WiiU is being retired before E3, 20 polygon articles saying about how they were right and Nintendo is failing and needs to die, and a million other articles saying that Nintendo are leaving the console business behind.

Notice the only difference would be them NOT ANNOUNCING IT, if they didn't announce it the gaming press would add 2 and 2 together to get 87 and just push whatever agenda they wanted rather than actually bother to do some work for a change and actually investigate whats happening.

This is why they announced it, basically because the gaming press are stupid."
"&gt;But what they really excel at is trimming the fat from popular genres and in the process revolutionizes the way people come to look at those genres.

You mean what they sometimes excel at now, and what they really excelled at in the past.

Their only current game that serves a testament to that is hearthstone. Hopefully overwatch, but idk if there's a ton of fat trimming to do in that genre."
"&gt;  since NX is not a name that marketing would be happy about at all

Honestly, their number one priority right now should be to fire their entire marketing staff immediately. If those chuckleheads have their way it will be named the ""New WiiU."" "
Yeah I guess not. I was just under the impression that the game was much farther along than where I'm beginning to suspect it's at.
"They can be upset about that sure, but DICE's reboot (not sequel) has every right to do what they want with the licence according to their creative vision. I was disappointed that there was no Clone Wars era in the game, but instead of saying ""man, this game is gonna suck"" I said ""That sucks, hopefully this means a more detailed look at the OT"". Plus, a lot of the stuff people are pissed about is ridiculous. No space battles? There were none in Battlefront, and they were pretty dull in Battlefront II anyway. Besides, in-atmosphere combat with Star Destroyers sounds ten times more interesting. People even complained about the lack of maps before the map count was confirmed. There's stuff like the lack of classes and squads that pissed people off, and while that's a subjective matter that I think is for the better, people can't treat that as an issue of laziness; the customisation system replacing classes is more in-depth and took more effort than they ever did, and the partner decision was obviously more effective to the developers (How hard do people think it is to add another two people to a squad?). These were purely creative decisions, not financial or laziness issues.

I hope people now realize that DICE are releasing info very slowly and methodically rather than saying ""Hey guys, we'll have 20 heroes, 12 maps and 30 weapons at launch"", they want to make a big deal of every new feature, and that's fine."
"There was a period in I believe Wrath where players could transfer to brand new servers in which the event was still technically active and to the gate-opening stuff to get the title/mount.  They fixed that but a lot of people that didn't ""actually"" get the title got it that way."
"&gt;The thing is is that we're funding a lot more than a game here. If enough of us throw money at this campaign, we're funding what is essentially the resurrection of Rareware.

This is my hope as well, but I do think it's important to brace yourself for disappointment. N64-era Rareware was really a lightning in a bottle situation. There's no good reason Rareware should have gone downhill like they did after the MS buyout. There are infinite possible qualities that Rareware had that Playtonic may be lacking. Maybe Nintendo's guidance was a big factor in keeping them on track, maybe they'll fail at the business side of things, etc. 

This isn't even a hypothetical. Look at Tim Schafer and Broken Age. It was supposed to be a Lucasarts era adventure game brought into the modern age. The game was good, but I don't think many would say it lived up to Schafer's past work on adventure games, and it really showed how incompetent Schafer is at managing a budget. I have higher hopes for Playtonic, but I'm not breaking out the champagne just yet."
I'm looking forward to adding this game to my [local co-op collection](http://i.imgur.com/bR1jIDQ.jpg).
"RTS games stopped being popular when the people making them inexplicably stopped making **fun** RTSes and started chasing the ""muh esports"" crowd.  

When you talk to most people about RTS games, they'll tell you about all the fun they had dicking around with their friends, either just casually playing each other or more commonly vs the AI.  RTS games used to be great for that sort of thing.  But now its all hyper-competetive painstakingly balanced apm dreck.  "
"That's what it says in the article:

&gt; I used the name “NX” during our joint press conference with DeNA on March 17 because we thought that our announcing the business alliance with DeNA to start a smart device business could result in such misunderstanding as “Nintendo is making a transfer to smart devices because it is pessimistic about the future for dedicated video game systems.”"
"this is the single most annoying thing i've ever encountered in a game. Why the fuck can't we get an option to play as a non-meathead freak of nature?

Is this what it feels like to to be a girl forced to play as a pneumatic titted character - because if it is its fucking shit."
"From the article, ""I used the name “NX” during our joint press conference with DeNA on March 17 because we thought that our announcing the business alliance with DeNA to start a smart device business could result in such misunderstanding as “Nintendo is making a transfer to smart devices because it is pessimistic about the future for dedicated video game systems.”""

You don't have to say ""I feel like"", you can say ""Iwata has explicitly explained in the article that we all just read."""
"Kadokawa are basically a big Japanese media group. They make a lot of manga and publish a lot, a bit of anime, that sort of thing, but have more recently been trying to get into the games development and publishing side of things, with varied success so far. They've publsihed a few third party games (most notably Lollipop Chainsaw worldwide with Warner Bros interactive as distributor), developed a few of their own, such as the good Demon Gaze and trash Natural Doctrine, with future games on the horizon. They're basically taking baby steps into the industry and are trying to get a bit of a foothold, and FromSoftware is the first really notable developer they acquired. Aside from sticking Miyazaki as president (Which in a recent interview he said didn't disrupt him from his standard role too much), they haven't really messed about so far, and I think they're probably just trying to get a big hit out so they can attract more devs and strengthen their gaming stuff.

I don't think they're too much to worry about. They're prepared to publish Suda 51's games so I don't think they want to mess about with the development process too much."
"Hal has expressed interest in [bringing Kirby](http://wiiudaily.com/2014/05/hal-laboratory-3d-kirby-game/) to that genre. Return to Dream Land [actually was a 3D platformer at some point in development](http://i.imgur.com/sKMj5pQ.jpg), but they canned it because the game wasn't very good at the time."
"Even Mario games have distanced themselves with the 64/sunshine style of gameplay. I personally do not like the ""old school"" left to right in a fully 3d environment that the wii-u games offer. I much prefer a much larger world with different objectives instead of a 3d Super Mario World type. Same thing with the new Donkey Kong games, I would love a modern DK64."
"&gt; I loved playing through the campaign three times in D2 and early D3, because it gave the mindless farming of items some background. Now you just play through the game once, and then simply select the area/quest you want to farm, and then the difficulty you want to farm on. Repeat ad nauseam. It turned the game into a shopping center.

I thought I loved this in D2, and I didn't mind it in POE, and when D3 was originally that way I didn't think much of it.

However with the switch to the selectable difficulty and only 1 needed playthrough it is just tremendously better. There is nothing stopping someone from playing through the campaign 3 times. In fact, I still play the campaign from time to time (mostly speed runs). 

All Blizz did was remove the mandatory commitment of 3 runs to get to endgame/high level/last difficulty. You now have the option of exploring the campaign on the difficulty level you choose however many times you choose because it is infinitely resetable (unlike PoE, D2). "
"I remember seeing your post on /r/gamedev about utilising animation smearing in games to get smoother handdrawn animations. That was cool!

I'll definitely chip in a few bucks for this!"
"I love that someone else thought of these guys when they saw this post. I loved that video, had me in tears from laughing to hard."
Because the demo has to be ready by the time they are recording it so it is ready for E3 in June? They can't decide when E3 is happening but they can decide when their Direct is happening.
"Jeeze, that art style is *adorable*, and the game looks mega fun. Don't have much cash to spare at the moment, but I'm glad ya'll got funded."
I like arpgs and this certainly looks really nice graphically but I think I'll wait till this is out and see how it plays before I give them money.
"&gt;Edit: I guess people on here don't like facts lol stay salty.

No, it's just that this comment comes off as desperation for you to justify your purchase and flame some juvenile console war debate."
"Haven't Nintendo stated that we wouldn't be hearing information on the NX multiple times over the past couple of months?

What of ""not anytime soon"" or ""not this year"" do people not understand?"
"If BF3 and BF4 can be counted as any indication, we should all be very grateful that DICE isn't putting a campaign into Battlefront."
"I know that many people might not agree, and I do use KB+M for a ton of games, but there's this weird disconnect for me, despite the fact that I've been playing PC games my whole life.

When I play a game with a gamepad, I don't realize the gamepad is there. All of my focus is on the game.

When I play with KB+M, I realize that I'm using a control scheme, I realize the hardware is there, I have to use the hardware to move my character.

On gamepad I think ""Move forward"" but on KB+M I think ""Press W"" - I don't know why this is, but it's there. It might be because I use my PC for so many other things, including work. And for certain games, I don't want that feeling to be there."
"It still doesn't sound that great to be honest. There's no space battles, just a mode where people are mostly playing in fighters over land?"
"They said the online reaction was fantastic, personally i'm torn on my opinion but it definitely did not seem like a fantastic online response at all"
"As someone who enjoyed both Battlefront games very much back in the day and has always disliked military shooters (Battlefield, Call of Duty), I liked what I saw about Battlefront at Star Wars Celebration quite a lot. The graphics looked great (they said the footage was taken from the PS4 version of the game, and I'm inclined to believe them because anti-aliasing was quite meh), switching between first and third person views was as nice as ever, the sound design was phenomenal and what little they showed of Darth Vader was terrifying in the best way possible. I left the booth feeling quite excited.

It may or may not be a let-down in the end, but what I saw definitely looked more fun to play than Battlefront II the last time I played it (last week). I think it's time to take off those rose-tinted glassed and judge the new Battlefront on its own merits."
"I hope you know he worked on ROS, It's not like he's the sole reason the game started as it was, Wyatt chang pointed out that most of the mechanics we're from him and his team."
"They'll probably announce it at BlizzCon though and then have it available summer 2016, so players will have no new content for about 9 months time again. It's been like the cycle for so long."
"Why would a developer give all this information, which they've very carefully danced around in interviews, to a website nobody's ever heard of? Either way, I don't think we should be treating unnamed sources as ""confirmation.""  "
"For $9 or more and assuming it reaches its goal, you get a digital copy AND a Steam copy. Even though I know nothing about the game and won't buy into kickstarter, that's quite a good deal"
"This is looking to be a strikingly ambitious game, considering it's a Goat Simulator-esque ""joke game""."
"Can we move pass this ? There will be mods for all those who are interested in plants, trees, walls in games. They won't change anything now and most people can't run it at ultra setting/4k. "
"Great rundown, I appreciate the response. And ya, being cool with Suda is probably a good sign as far as meddling potential goes"
"&gt; Can we move pass this ? 


&gt; Redditor since:2011

You should really know by now that no, we can't. Not until the next thing to overreact about comes along. "
"Even if the source is right, why does this matter to people so much? Games get ""downgraded"" all the time. It's normal, games change during development and a lot of the time it's for good reason. That Wolfenstein game that came out some years ago (not the new order) had a really sweet opening sequence that began onboard a train but it had to get cut for some reason or another. It was cut for a purpose, and that purpose wasn't malicious.

The Witcher 3 probably received some graphical downgrades, but it still looks terrific, especially for an open world game. CDPR didn't do this to ""bait and switch"" their fans, they did it because they needed to.

People on this sub are desperately trying to paint CDPR as bad guys and it's getting really annoying. I have to wonder what it's like to just be offended and upset over video games all the time.

"
"I think FFXIV has done a great job with crafting. You can auto-craft most everything in normal MMO fashion, but if you take the time to craft the item yourself you are much more likely to produce a 'high quality' item that performs and sells better. 

Crafters and even gathers are their own fully fleshed out classes in that game. They level up, get new abilities, and have their own gear sets and quests. It's really great, in my opinion.

[This YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SW0GqwCNNo) goes into great detail about it, but you can skip around a bit just to see what it looks like."
"But they keep doing it and seem to have done it for the last 3 expansions or so. They just know their subscriber count is lower in the downtime, and then they rise slowly when release nears, and then peaks when expansion launches, and then dive down again afterwards. It's just simply their release cycle now. The only reason I'm saying summer 2016 is because they said they would have expansions out faster at the last BlizzCon, but failed to deliver WoD any faster. So I am assuming they meant for the longer term otherwise I would have said November 2016 for that holiday release."
"Free for people who already own D:OS? Larian Studios, do you want me to confidently keep buying your future games? Because this is how you get people to confidently keep buying your future games."
"&gt; There's no good reason Rareware should have gone downhill like they did after the MS buyout.

May be a small detail, but Rare was already steeply going downhill before this, that's why Nintendo let them go to begin with. It's not very evident in the games (other than the whole Starfox Adventures debacle), it was a lot of behind the scenes stuff."
"I know! I would have gladly paid $5-10 for an upgrade to the Enhanced Edition. This will make me insta-buy their next game. Of course D:OS is so good, I probably would have done that anyway. ;-)"
"&gt; Is this what it feels like to to be a girl forced to play as a pneumatic titted character - because if it is its fucking shit.

Yes, except instead of being like this in one game, it's like that in almost every game. Or better, there often just isn't a female option.

Let me tell ya', there's not much that breaks my immersion like every female character ever wearing heels to a fight. Fuckin' bullshit."
"Pretty sure ""The Mighty Quest for Epic Loot"" (free-to-play) had a system where you built a dungeon and challenged others to go through them.  No idea if it was any good."
"D3 is fun and all, but I feel like the exclusion of actual skill trees and leveling up your own stats kills the majority of the experience for me. Every single character, as soon as you level them up, becomes exactly the same. I don't know why Blizzard thought I was incapable of choosing my abilities myself or leveling up my stats. That was exactly what gave D2 so much mileage, was that I was constantly comparing and contrasting different builds, attempting to optimize everything.

I remember my friends used to joke, if you put one wrong point somewhere, your character was ruined forever.

Now in D3 all the difference comes only from your gear, which is still as addicting as ever, but like I said, leveled up one Barbarian, you've essentially experienced all there is. 

Needless to say I still enjoy slamming monsters with powerful attacks, watching their bodies ragdoll against the walls, and obsessively comparing various loot I pick up, but this fundamental difference of not allowing the player to choose the character's progression makes it an inferior game in my opinion. Hopefully the next iteration will at least let you do some degree of leveling up and customization."
The vast majority of scarab lord titles ever obtained were obtained that way. Blizzard opened a ton of new servers in Wrath to deal with the influx of players and they didn't initially remove the AQ event. 
The negativity and anti-kickstarter circlejerk is strong in this sub. The game looks amazing and they're an obviously talented small team that would like to finish their game the way they want to. There's nothing wrong with asking fans of the game for support. I hope they make it.
"Ultimately I think Jay's criticism was at least a little unfair. He took some real risks that didn't pay off, and made some pretty dumb PR blunders, but his removal from the project as a whole had more to do with the stigma he'd built up around himself than him being a bad designer.   
The best thing to happen to D3 is the current team that is working on it, not the absence of Jay. "
"[From this blog-post](https://www.oculus.com/blog/powering-the-rift/)


- the Rift runs at 2160×1200 at 90Hz split over dual displays


It's essentially 1080x1200/eye. If the panel has pixels in RGB-format the jump in picture-quality could be much bigger from DK2 than what it seems now. Pixels increased by 25% and up from 75hZ to 90hZ

Also the new lenses, diffusers etc. I need more information."
"I really don't understand this whole ""Diablo 3 is good now"" line that gets thrown around constantly. Nothing you listed are my biggest issues with Diablo 3. Feel free to let me know if these have changed. 

1. The story. It wasn't engaging, most of the time it was fucking stupid and contradictory. 

2. No Themed games. So no ""Trading Post"" games, no ""Open Pvp Outside Town"" or ""Cow Level"". Just join and hope people are wanting to do the same thing as you.

2. No Trade. It was great 

3. No PvP. No collecting ears or random free-for-alls with crazy shit happening all over.

4. The ""cow level"" (I think it was ponies and unicorns) sucked. It was super short, always shaped the same, and not any more difficult than any other level. "
"Actually there's already a program that does it.

[Virtual desktop](http://www.vrdesktop.net/)

It essentially puts you in space where you can put your monitor as big as you want infront of you. It also has multimonitor support. 

Wallpaper is essentially your surroundings. You can switch them to a movie-theater or use stereocube-maps to put you in space, sunset, picture-studio etc etc.

It's my favorite application for the DK2. You can launch the games from it and watch movies on a big screen curved, regular or from the rendered movie-theater I mentioned. Or just post on Reddit. Like I'm doing now."
"I wonder what they're looking for that they decided they needed an additional test? The first one seemed to run really well, which would make me think it wouldn't be server-related. Maybe they tweaked some numbers and want to see how it affects gameplay balance?"
"&gt;RTS are so fucking hard and stressful

It sounds so melodramatic to say but it's really true. I used to hit the SC2 ladder hard back in college and when I was done for the day I was absolutely exhausted. It's really rewarding to perform well but that sense of accomplishment only beats out the exhaustion and stress for so long. And man I felt like shit when I poured all that energy into a game that I lost."
"So in a 40 man game, 3/4 are bots running predetermined paths making a team of ten real people playing. So then WoW battlegrounds has just become a third person version of...DOTA?"
"The NX coming out in 2017 doesn't sound entirely unreasonable.  Believe it or not, the Wii U will have been five years old at that point, which isn't an irregular life span for a console, especially not for Nintendo."
"Idk man, I got BF4 at launch and havent seen any more issues than other games. I sympathize with those who have been affected but my personal experience does not reflect the mass hysteria.

Today, BF4 is one of the most stable online games, period.

Also, remember that EA owns them, and clearly they are the ones fucking up their developers' projects. Here's hoping the controversy scared EA away from making the same mistake. RIght now it seems like Ubisoft is on the chopping block much more than EA.

Companies change for better or for worse. Konami used to be well-respected and now they are the bowels of everything wrong with video games, corporations, doing business, PR, and entertainment in general."
"I'm not really expecting any major balance changes. While there are  benefits to doing these testfires in the technical area, maybe this final one is simply for hype purposes.

Whatever it is, the first testfire was a lot of fun, so I'm looking forward to this last one."
"This is most definitely what female players have to deal with, and it must make gaming terrible! I have yet to get past the first 45-60 minutes of D:OS because no matter what I hate looking at any male character I make.

""I'll try a Ranger!"" - Enjoy this tiny bow, try not to crush it with your giant bear paws.

""I'll try a Rogue!"" - Not sure if you're punching that dude or stabbing him with a knitting needle ham hock hands.

""Ok fine, magic this time!"" - You don't have time to learn spells, brah, you only have time for MOOOOOREEEE REEEEEEPPPPSSSS

Also, thanks for that gold up there."
"Not really. The PvP gear you get comes in 3 tiers. The first tier is piss-easy to get and bumps you to 660 in PvP situations, which is equal to Heroic raiding gear. Tier 2 is 675, and tier 3 is ilvl 690, which is just under mythic raiding gear. You still have to fight for and earn the gear, but a few hours of pissing around Ashran in an event-only group will get you enough boxes and honor to make up a reasonable suit of tier 1/2. Tier 3 requires luck, Ashran wins, or Conquest points."
"I think when people say they've ""won"" E3 it's because of how they presented their products and announcements, not what they were showing or announcing. They didn't rely so much on ""in engine footage"" videos and whatnot - they showed people playing the games and interacting with the console in ways that consumers can expect to when it hits the market. Don't get me wrong - I loved what something like Sony showed last year, and I'm excited to see what they'll have this E3, but Nintendo is what makes me feel like I'm actually watching a video game expo, and not a glorified investors show. Nintendo brings that old, E3 nostalgia with their presentations, full of gameplay and energy, and I think that's why people have responded so positively. "
"It's not a definite ""no"". If we hit the stretch goal, it will be in at launch. If we don't, it has to be put on the back burner. We've heard a lot of people express how important online multiplayer is for them so in the event that we miss the stretch goal, we're not ready to completely scrap it. Instead it will have to be added either afterward in a patch or something. The reason is that we can't take our attention away from the game itself just for one feature. We would rather have a great offline game than a mediocre online one. But, like I said, we're not ready to scrap it completely and we want it in some form, the stretch goal will just help us guarantee it."
That's because mmo's nowadays are only about getting the best gear/items. What happened to making games that are actually just fun to play online? I played Ultima Online for about 7 years straight and half the time I spent in that game was just dicking around killing people or messing around with friends. Still waiting for a game to come even remotely close to it.
Lazaretto should be a lot of fun to play. For all the flak Jack White gets the guy can still create fantastic music.
"I mean, even if I had some special trait that caused me to heal when my skin makes contact with urine I would still be angry as hell if you just started pissing in my face.

Feels like a pretty reasonable reaction for a person to have, frankly."
"It's also a subjective matter that the space battles in BFII were dull. I happened to find them really fun. 

Some people need to realize that what DICE is showing isn't what some people want out of a Battlefront game. You can say ""oh it's a reboot not a sequel"" and ""it's their own vision"" all day, but it doesn't change the fact that what they're showing doesn't sound appealing to some fans of the older games, like me. Sure, go ahead and get excited about it, but don't attack those who are rightfully skeptical and cautious about the game."
"For the lazy

Avenged Sevenfold – ""Hail to the King""

Fleetwood Mac – ""You Make Loving Fun""

Jack White – ""Lazaretto""

The Killers – ""Somebody Told Me""

Spin Doctors – ""Little Miss Can't Be Wrong""

The Who – ""The Seeker"""
"Agree with everything you said. I dont get the ""Diablo 3 is good now"" comments either. Felt like a massive downgrade from Diablo 2 LoD."
"You mean after all that white knighting, the defenders still don't know what the actual complaints were? Who would have thought."
Thanks to that video I pledged 25$.  I really hope that they can get the remaining 5000 for online play in these last 30 hours.  Glad it got funded anyway though.
Me too. Which is why I'm stoked that they're stress testing servers. I want to be able to jump on and play when I buy the game on release without worrying about server issues.
"Do you actually play EVE? I know the popular reddit circlejerk is about how EVE is the greatest MMO on the market... but they kind of have a botting problem. Have for quite a while, and as someone mentioned it's actually quite common due to the way EVE's social interactions are structured."
I don't think Kirby's absorb mechanic would translate very well to 3D. It'd be real fiddly to aim and get the enemy you want to suck in.
The story is what killed it for me; before they added in Adventure Mode it was like re-watching a whole Shayamalan movie everytime you wanted to try out another class. Just thinking about it now makes me nauseous.
"Probably because a lot of MMOs have repeatable tasks you have to grind in order to get to the ""fun"" part of the game. People probably just want to skip the grind as much as possible and just play the content they actually enjoy playing.

The entire system is rather silly. I play MMOs to interact with friends while going through new content, and I stop playing them once I hit the grind wall that's always inevitable."
The immediate response was fantastic. The problem is that response was followed by a lot of people being salty about the game being a reboot and not a direct sequel and people nit picking every single thing announced about the game.
"That's fine if it doesn't sound appealing to you. But the idea that ""this game is crap"" already, without us even knowing all the gameplay information, is subjective, and that should remain what it is, an opinion. There's people here who just want to get excited about the prospect of a new BF without hearing it get shit on constantly"
"we have enough complaint, sometimes very cynical

it's not like we should praise this game, but bashing it to the death won't make us smarter, or the game better.

budget and deadline is a thing, and this time I'm sure EA doesn't fully responsible for release date"
"You people are evil. And I mean that in the best possible way. You've added yet another tool to the arsenal of innocuous-seeming games to destroy friendships with.

""...So officer, you see it was entirely justified, he put a fucking saw blade right over the spring board. And then blew up the only platform we had to get across that fucking spike pit.

...Yes, fifty seven times with an ice axe. I feel it was appropriate.""

On a more serious note, is the game moddable and/or are you considering asking the community to suggest more horrible ways to kill their friends? Also, have you given any thought to incorporating block interactions like The Incredible Machine? The levels of bastardry one could achieve with even simple sensor-activated traps would be beautiful."
"I hope you can have multiple rivals at once. I could imagine spending several days eavesdropping on multiple girls, inviting them all to meet you at the roof at 5 minute intervals, and leave a row of shoes with notes making it look like a suicide pact. 

  Though, if they react to seeing other girls' shoes this wouldn't work unless you could pick-up the shoes yourself to hide them as you stalk. "
"***tl;dr*** - Given the challenges around VR graphics performance, the Rift will have a recommended specification to ensure that developers can optimize for a known hardware configuration, which ensures a better player experience of comfortable sustained presence. The recommended PC specification is an NVIDIA GTX 970 or AMD 290, Intel i5-4590, and 8GB RAM. This configuration will be held for the lifetime of the Rift and should drop in price over time."
"Well that's really interesting. Considering how high the minimum specs are I don't understand how Sony hopes to have VR on the ps4 unless it's for very specific, very graphically down-graded games. Otherwise there's no way to power those resolutions at even 30fps, much less the required steady 90fps, on consoles. They could greatly reduce the resolution but then you'd have a terrible screen-door effect."
"So this is the same specs as the HTC Vive at 1080 x 1200 per eye for 2160 x 1200, both 90 Hz. Not quite the 1440p people may have suspected to blow it out the water, but still competitive. I look forward to the holiday season this year!"
It's important to keep in mind that resolution is not going to be the only key factor for these headsets. The optics and the eye relief will be key in determining perceived image quality
"Relevant, with emphasis added for clarity:

&gt;* Windows 7 SP1 or newer

&gt;* 2x USB 3.0 ports

&gt;* HDMI 1.3 video output supporting a 297MHz clock via a direct output architecture

&gt; The last bullet point is tricky: many discrete GPU laptops have their external video output connected to the integrated GPU and drive the external output via hardware and software mechanisms that can’t support the Rift. Since this isn’t something that can be determined by reading the specs of a laptop, we are working on how to identify the right systems. Note that **almost no current laptops have the GPU performance for the recommended spec**, though upcoming mobile GPUs may be able to support this level of performance."
"That statement of ""This configuration will be held for the lifetime of the Rift"" is interesting because it leads me to believe that we won't get a higher resolution with the Rift. 

A higher Res means more power needed from your machine no? Imagine running at x1600. Is that 970 going to be able to pump out the kind of power to do that, or are they just going to keep it at x1200? "
"Lower resolution doesn't necessarily mean a screendoor effect.  It could mean being able to differentiate the pixels from each other, but that's *not* screen door.  Screen door effect is the black lines between pixels, making it look like you're constantly looking through a screen on a screen door."
"Ah, this situation (not the article that was linked by OP) is a great example of poor journalism and a group of douchebags stretching the truth to seem like the victims.

But, in reality, I'm going to assume this was out of stupidity and VMC was stating it was ""bricked"" because they couldn't go online and use their consoles' features and the journalist, who didn't really ask for clarification or delved more into the matter, just assumed VMC meant the consoles were unusable.

Either way, the testers got a fair judgement passed on them. They could probably use a firing or Microsoft just not use VMC for their services. It was VMC's job to test games without leaking them out. Not only did the testers NOT adhere to that, the company itself tried saving face by passing the attention onto Microsoft, who would have been in the right either way."
"This is an interesting, and not at all unwelcome addition. To be honest, I much preferred the in atmosphere dogfights of Battlefront 1 to the space only approach of 2 - Bespin platforms was probably my favourite map and I was a little gutted there was nothing comparable in 2.

That said, I still have some pretty big hang ups about this game and those are only going to be put to rest when we get to see some in depth gameplay that's not being puppeteered by DICE devs running through a script on some stage at E3. 

I could live with the lack of bots if the playercount was high enough. Likewise I could live with low playercount if we had bots. But the fact is they've announced no bots and a relatively small playercount, and I just don't think that's enough to give even the illusion of scale that battlefront 1 and 2 had. 

I *want* to get excited for this game. I'm desperate for a new Star Wars game. It's been seven years since the last remotely good one, and a *decade* since the last actual good one. So far, though, DICE have done a lot to kill my hype and very little to restore it."
"Allowing for complex, unpredictable levels is something we really want to see. Right now a lot of the blocks are very static so there's not a whole lot of interaction that's possible, but there are a couple that work together in fun ways. It's definitely something we think about when we talk about new additions.

One thing that will help push things in that direction is the new Honey we've added. It's not in the demo yet because it's still being worked on, but it can completely change the playing field. Besides being generally sticky, it lets you stick different pieces together. Most pieces are static so it's not a big deal, but if you, say, attach a crossbow or two to the rotating tire, you've suddenly got a turret. "
"&gt; “Hideo and I have been in touch,"" he told me at the end of our interview. ""And he knows he would be the only guy I would follow to the ends of the earth on anything. I think if anything can be rescued, I will be more than happy.”

Please give Konami the middle finger and relaunch the project under a new IP. Hell, Kickstarter it if you must. I'm sure the gaming community would be happy to open their wallets to see this happen."
I don't really think it's a joke game. Yeah the concept is a little silly but so are games like Super Meat Boy and everyone takes those seriously. 
"As someone with an NVIDIA GTX 970, an i5-4690 and 8gbs of RAM, I personally feel they have made an excellent choice in where they have aimed the recommended specs of the Rift."
"Every fucking time a ""evil mastermind lord of hell"" pops up on my screen with a stupid laugh and unnecessary exposition, it just makes me want to alt-f4 and play a real game instead of having to listen to stupid drivel written by a 12 year old. "
"It makes sense they they're forward targeting so that the rift software doesn't see obsolesense, so to speak, due ti normal hardware rates of change. Still, though, in the short term the higher requirements will mean a shrinking of their potential market."
"Having the 1920x1080 dev model, I have a feeling that 2160x1200 is going to still be insufficient; This is likely to be a combination of a lack of hdmi 2.0 and 4k phone sized screens in the marketplace, so it will probably be a few more years before we get a 4k oculus."
I have a feeling we will hear from Kojima once the dust from the MGSV launch has settled. He seems like the kind of guy to be reinvigorated by challenging times.
"Ha ha ha! The only way to defeat me is to go to this place and do this thing, but you'll never do that Nephalem! Also, because someone casually mentioned you being a Nephalem **once**, we're going to call you Nephalem the rest of the game!"
You have to wait for GPU tech to catch up. 4k is doable today but its very costly and not consistent. 
It would be a dream come true if someone (Bethesda for example after their Evil Within) would come in and give Kojima and Del Toro whatever they need to make their vision come true... under a different title. It would be a shame to let all of this hype go to waste.
"I once worked with this guy in retail during college that passed kidney stones pretty often due to some calcium issues within his body. Apparently he had the running joke that every time his younger brother played a Zelda game, he'd pass a stone. I thought it was a complete joke, but he actually did pass a stone a week after Twilight Princess came out and again the month before Phantom Hourglass dropped.

Causation does not imply correlation but I mean... we're talking about pissing rocks here so I'll believe most anything. Sorry Matt, sucks to be you."
"There are legal issues with that. Konami would have rights to the game design documents, and making a game that is too similar to those plans could get Kojima/Del Toro in a mountain of trouble as Konami would have had them sign a non-compete agreement."
"I think its a good game right now, at least once you get through the story and on to adventure mode(the story is, and always will be, rubbish).

However, there are two major flaws to the game that made me lose enjoyment. 

- The completely lack of trading. It fucking blows. All I wanted to do was trade a few things with my brother, but nooooo. Only being able to trade things you found together(and hence isn't really trading, since, if you're playing with a close friend, its all up for grabs anyway) is awful.

- These new ridiculously overpowered item sets that give the game a really weird progression curve, make builds not using these ridiculously OP sets completely infeasible, and basically render *ANYTHING* thats not a greater rift a joke. 

I was doing torment three when I finally found that last piece of gear that gave umpteeen million percent extra damage, and just slapping that piece of gear on made torment 6 easy mod, and everything else pointless to even play. What the fuck is the point of having 9 different difficulty levels if you make gear that makes the hardest difficulty a fucking joke?

Edit: and, tbh, I'm not a fan of how the itemization makes rares/magic items irrelevant as well. Rares should be more powerful, statwise, than legendaries. Magic items more powerful still(but of course more focused) so that everything is a tradeoff... The unique bonus feature of the legendary, the good stats of a rare, or the great single stat of a magic item. "
"I mean, if you look at what Silent Hill looked like in it's most recent iterations, Silent Hills pretty much IS a new IP.

Just call it Quiet Mountains."
"They're about equal. The 2500 being somewhat slower.

There hasn't been any relatively major advances in raw CPU performance for years. Newer generation Intel CPUs for the most part only offer improved instructions-per-cycle i.e. more performance out of the same clock speeds (GHz) and improved power usage so they're still better than older CPUs.


However the Sandy Bridge family are still adequate for most desktop uses. Especially the unlocked K processors that are still very solid CPUs when overclocked."
Was the BF2 campaign that good anyways? I literally just played it and its kind of boring not going to lie.
Of all the A7X songs to choose from with fancy guitar work they choose from the album that is relatively slowed down. 
"Optics may be able to help with resolution. Could it be possible to ""concentrate"" the pixels toward the center with optics, where our vision is focused, and leave the peripheral vision with less definition (which is a waste of pixels anyway)?"
"But league esports grew pretty organically and it took years until Riot took full control of the scene and created LCS. 

Heck it was 8 months **after** release when they introduced the content update with ranked games, draft mode and elo-rankings.

The first Riot organized LAN event, the Season 1 championship was **1 year and 8 months** after release. The following year they announced the LCS  system and again hosted what they called the Season 2 championship. 

The first official games in the LCS format were played in February 2013, more than **3 years** after launch!

It's easy to think today that Riot had planned the league esports success all along. But that really wasn't the case at all. And to answer your question, league became a hugely successful game **before** it became a hugely successful esport!"
"If there's one upside to this whole issue, it's  the mad expectations from whatever Kojima's next game will be. He's not the kind to stop making games, and freed of the Metal Gear IP, I'm very eager to see where he goes next."
"I would think that most of the people who pick up an oculus on release day would already have something close to this level of hardware. You should also consider that this is the ""recommended"" spec. I'm sure you can still get decent performance out of hardware that's a bit more reasonable in cost, and most people on a budget should probably hold off about a year for video cards that are a bit more dedicated to this sort of rendering."
"D2 had little mileage for me because I never compared and contrasted different builds. Leveling took so much time that I didn't want to keep replaying over and over, so I just copied some spreadsheet masters build so I wouldn't hit the cliff at hell difficulty with shitty build that forced me to reroll. 

In D3, I almost never went to forums to look for build info(maybe just some clarification on how stats stacked and whatnot), because I could just try things out, constantly comparing and contrasting different builds and optimizing everything.

&gt;Hopefully the next iteration will at least let you do some degree of leveling up and customization.

What, honestly, is the difference between pumping all your skill points into a skill and using it, and finding/transmuting equipment that benefits a skill and using it?

I get more gear, mute it to have arcane orb damage, slowly increasing my arcane orb power. Customizing my character and 'leveling' it up. "
"It seems to mix up the best elements of Hitman (stalking &amp; hunting prey, tongue in cheek humor) but in the body of a Japanese girl."
"&gt;Yeah DICE is kind of dead to me after Battlefield 3 wasn't as good as Bad Company 2.

You didn't like the game, so they're dead to you? Now *that's* fucking preposterous. I can understand if the shitty first few months of BF4 soured your experience but just because Battlefield as a whole took a different direction doesn't mean that they're a bad developer of videogames. This is like if someone said ""Martin Scorsese is dead to me after he made Hugo! A heartwarming kids movie? WTF Martin?!"" It doesn't make *any* sense for a developer to be ""dead"" to you when they've released nothing but solid games (excluding BF4) for the past 10 years, all because it doesn't compare to Bad Company 2. That's a shockingly entitled attitude.

&gt;Frankly hope they leave the Bad Company franchise alone since they have clearly said they have no clue why the game was good in the first place.

Newsflash: BF3 wasn't Bad Company 3, of course it was going to be different. You'd only have had to play the beta, or even watched just a small amount of gameplay footage to figure that out. They weren't marketing it as a sequel to Bad Company, and they haven't released a modernized attempt at BC3, so why are you acting like these are things that they did? We *haven't gotten* a new attempt at Bad Company, so how can you say with a straight face that they ""have no clue why the game was good in the first place""?"
But that doesn't make sense. The hardware configuration of CV1 cannot change during its lifetime anyway. 
"I really wonder though, with Norman Reedus attached, if the full release was going to be in third person. It seems like if you're going to bother modeling a popular actor, you'd want the player to see him as much as possible."
"Remember this isn't just running a game at slightly below the recommended specs. If performance on the Occulus stutters, or can't keep up, you will wind up puking on your shoes. "
"One of the game designers of Everquest (one of the first 3d mmos for you youngsters) had a great quote about game design:

""Players will always find the most boring way to play your game and do that over and over"" "
"Gog needs to port the star wars phantom menace pc game to modern systems ):

I love that game so much, had do many great ideas."
"Its interesting that this game is 6 months away and is still a mystery.

Black Ops 3 is 6 months away and we know quite a bit about the game. Such as co-op, non linear single player, gibbs, ""heros"" with special abilities in multiplayer, pick 10, customization, new movement styles, swimming, and even clips of gameplay. "
"This is only a 'recommended configuration'. It's an attempt to pressure developers to not push technical limits in a few years before the next version of the Rift has come out, so that someone who upgrades now to play current Rift games is able to maintain the extremely high FPS requirements even with games that come out later.

When the next version of the Rift comes out, it will have higher resolution and a higher 'recommended configuration'."
"Had my love for gaming reignited this week, got addicted to Broforce (highly recommended for the price), played 30 hours since last Saturday. Bought Hotline Miami for PS4 been hammering a couple missions a night. Got Crusader Kings 2 in Humble Bundle saving that for an all day marathon tomorrow and finally last night bought Darkest Dungeon and played the shit out of it all day today really loving it so far.

Oh and bought Super Mario Bros 2 for my 3DS for my commute to work and lunch times. Good week all round!
"
This is already the case with the current Rift offerings. There are more pixels representing the center of the field of view vs. the periphery.
"&gt;  There's no space battles, just a mode where people are mostly playing in fighters over land?

That still sounds pretty great. I mean the ""dogfights"" that occur in Battlefield happen right above the map and those are usually pretty cool. Also in the game Rogue Squadron alot of the fights were right above land and that game was amazing. So not as cool as space fighting, but still cool. "
"I'm wondering what kind of visual quality/size of the world will we be seeing for titles developed for this considering they've recommended only a GTX 970 to drive a 2160x1200 resolution, that too at 90 Hz.    

Although it isn't the same thing but I don't think there is any recent AAA title that a GTX 970 can drive at such resolution and frame rates at high visual quality settings."
"Yeah that would work if the people were actually being reasonable. At the reveal a while back people were literally making bullet point lists of everything Dice didn't talk about, or said ""no comment"", and writing THESE FEATURES ARE OMITTED. CONFIRMED.

It was fun watching over half the list get crossed out over time."
"You don't understand why they aren't showing the game a month before the biggest gaming event of the year?

I'd wager a guess that they wanted to save it all for the biggest gaming event of the year, not a random weekday."
"With what he's done with the Metal Gear franchise in terms of gameplay elements (Psycho Mantis, The End, final sequences of MGS4) and what was shown with PT, I can't wait for him to move on to new genres. "
"As someone with a i5 2500 and Radeon 7870, I'm looking forward to getting my Morpheus.

Edit: A lot of comments are reassuring that a 2500 will be just fine. Thanks for those, I'm sure that's really great for some folks. Thing is, I just got home and discovered my CPU is actually a 2300. *Now* am I screwed?"
"Someone in another thread jokes that /r/games should have a weekly complaints thread, or a ""what are we mad about this week"" thread but honestly it seems like every week there's a new big controversy that everyone loses their shit over.

I know you can't control this many people but man I wish gamers would just calm down with all the outrage lately."
"I will respectfully disagree with you on every point. Diablo 1 you came to this town that needed a little help, and eventually descended into hell. When I was killing Mephisto in Diablo 2, I felt like I was truly killing an evil demon and not a buffoon. 

That's not how trading went for me at all. In fact there was no need to do that annoying shit because you would just open up a trade window and show what you had. 

And the cow level had lots different (rectangle based) shapes with the cow king being placed in random locations. Not to mention the ""holy shit"" factor when you realized you took 3 steps and just aggroed 50 cows. "
"That's my fear as well.  I have Rift and tried to play Elite: Dangerous on it.  For being one of the best Rift games, I was really underwhelmed.  Developers did a good job with cockpit design and when using HOTAS to play, movement of a virtual pilot are almost 1 to 1 when I move my joystick.  That being said, resolution was really poor.  It's nowhere as sharp as 1080p monitor.  Text on control panels is blurry and hard to read and mid to far range targets that I can distinguish with no issues on a monitor screen were almost impossible to recognize.

I'll wait and see how this will turn out before buying. Hopefully there will be demo stations at the stores to try consumer models. "
"True, but there are always mirrors in-game, and they could have a third person mode.

Besides, I doubt Reedus will care if his likeness is used to its full extent. He strikes me as a ""big picture"" guy."
"I feel he's wanted to leave Metal Gear for a while now. Every metal gear game has been ""This is the last one."" So I'm glad as well because he is finally free to make any game he wants at this point.

Edit: wording "
"I was considering delving into music production this summer and investing in software, a midi keyboard, and maybe a native instruments maschine. Does anyone have any advice on how to go about this? I do have significant prior music experience, but I'm not too comfortable on the piano and really don't have any prior experience in production software. Should I be starting out smaller?"
"&gt; Although it isn't the same thing but I don't think there is any recent AAA title that a GTX 970 can drive at such resolution and frame rates at high visual quality settings.

That's why the software needs to be geared towards VR from the start. From rendering to experience in general. DX12 should ease it quite a bit and asyncronous timewarp with updated drivers from both Nvidia and AMD. It's essentially means to steady up lower framerate to appear as 90hZ.

The good old optimization is dearly needed for the titles =)"
"Not likely for most AAA titles. VR for most people will mean a compromise in visuals in order to reach a high enough framerate. The upshot from that is you dont need tons of detail and eye candy to achieve good VR immersion.

It will all get better over time. VR is still very new in the grand scheme of things.  "
"I just can't be bothered to be mad by games any more. I love sharing this hobby and learning new things about other games and views. There is only a rare occasion that I am actually mad by something in the game industry. The Konami thing has me a bit worried because Metal Gear Solid 5 is my most anticipated game of all time. But beyond that, I just can't work up the energy to get mad on an internet message board. That's one reason the whole Gamergate thing sursprises me. The drama goes away when you leave your computer. I don't see how outrage has become a part of internet culture now. I guess people are just filling in gaps where nothing new gaming-wise is coming out."
"&gt; Yeah...You won't be able to run any sort of VR with an i5 2500

i5 2500K is still not a bottleneck anywhere and OC'ed is pretty same to the current gen of i5 CPUs of the same standard. 2500 with the boost-clock should be adequate too. 

It really shouldn't bottleneck or should be atleast close to match. There hasn't been that big of jumps in a few years from Intel performance-wise."
"There aren't many computers with motherboards that would allow them to meet the minimum specs that don't have USB 3.0, are there?"
"Grisaia no Kajitsu just got released on Steam (one of the most popular romance oriented VNs ever written) but I recommend you go on Denpasoft and get the uncensored version. The steam version removes all dirty humor and suggestive scenes from the VN,  including romantic transitions with major plot development that contained nudity. The plot is much weaker for it and it's frankly not worth a purchase on Steam. It's gutted."
Btw you should really change the HUD-color to green in Elite. Massive difference since there are double the amount of subpixels in green.
"You ever been to game subs that have rant threads? It kinda helps put the negativity all in one place, more so when everyone takes it with a dose of humor. It's basically a ""let the circlejerk out in full force"" thread."
"I really wish this was more like a Halo beta or something where they just took a weekend and said ""play it as much as you want, we'll probably do some maintenance here and there""."
"I've relpaced my ''before bed'' reading with an hour of Sunless Sea. It's pretty damn relaxing and it's litteraly like reading a novel.

Also, the NDP is climbing in the polls, so I'm pretty happy about that."
"&gt; I feel he's wanted to leave Metal Gear for a while now


He has, Metal Gear Solid 2 (2001) was intended to be the ending to the series. He was roped into making 2 more games while training his replacement, [Project Itoh](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=Project+itoh) who was a close friend and Science Fiction writer. Itoh tragically died in 2009 right after the release of Metal Gear Solid 4, and the release of his first 3 books and the novelization of Metal Gear Solid 4. With Itoh's death, Kojima was roped back into the series once again.

EDIT: If you are interested in learning more about Itoh, two of his books have been translated. *Harmony*, his second book even won the Philip K. Dick award in the US! And all three will be getting their own animated film this year. *Genocidal Organ* is basically a Metal Gear Solid fanfiction told from a PMC's perspective. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1eRSz588pw"
"Well, you can't say that about the BO3 yet. No one can, there hasn't been gameplay of single player released yet.

Edit: this posted twice for some reason and I don't know how to delete comments on mobile, if it is possible at all. Whoops."
This is how you fucking do this right. Looking at you Dark Souls 2: SotFS after I fucking bought the game and entire season pass already.
Paypal does this all the time to games that were crowdfunded. [Here's an old Giant Bomb report on troubles fighting games Yatagarasu and Skullgirls had with Paypal freezing them out](http://www.giantbomb.com/articles/crowdfunding-s-secret-enemy-is-paypal/1100-4743/).
"Paypal doesn't like people using their service for donations or for the promise of something not completed. They're mostly just trying to avoid a massive amount of charge backs. This keeps happening, and people still use it for this purpose.   "
"Bad news for you, the thing that bade that fun was the friends you were playing with. You won't be able to recreate that experience unless you find yourself a new friend group that plays the game."
It seems many good Japanese devs have found success by cutting ties with their big and slightly out of touch studios and kickstarting. Really....I feel like this is proving a point with how big name developers handle making games in general.
"I think it's in style because of how reviewers consistently praised games that offered choices that weren't black or white, or had consequences that weren't immediately clear or what you'd morally and personally want. Imo, Witcher is particularly noteworthy and probably had a much greater impact on other games than Game Of Thrones. Dragon Age followed up with this. "
"The game may end up being fun. However, it will be compared to the previous games whether or not it's good on its own. Thats the problem with game sequels. There's a lot to live up to. "
"Everyone has a different opinion on what's fun about WoW.  Those who bot usually bot one aspect to get past it and then do their fun thing.

Also, I've read an anecdote in the past day about an elderly man (approaching 80) who uses a DPS bot to successfully raid.  I imagine for those using this bot, it's more about the strategy of it all rather than the mechanical skill and perhaps more than a few were doing well in a raid leading position."
"It was actual gameplay footage (with HUD and everything), although it was not being played live. I couldn't tell the resolution because the screen was pretty large, yet it didn't look very flattering to me. Aside from the gameplay trailer being downscaled from a much higher resolution than the game will be running at, everything else looked as good as they did in the trailer. Texture resolution and draw distance may have been lower, but I couldn't tell. DICE is reported to be using photogrammetry and the results are truly spectacular. I think the graphics on high-end PCs will look really close to the trailer.

As for DLCs, I think they are a certainty. I haven't played a DICE game since Mirror's Edge, so I cannot really speak about their approach to DLC and microtransactions. Hopefully it will not take away from the experience.
"
You could also spend less than $20 for a card with USB3 (e.g. http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=17Z-0002-00002&amp;cm_re=usb_3-_-17Z-0002-00002-_-Product)
"Is it me or does Nightwing looks super weird? His animations and the way he stands, even his size...it looks really bizarre. Maybe it's the lack of a cape, maybe that covers up the transitions from combo to combo with Batman and Nightwing doesn't have one. Whatever it is, Dick looks stiff (eh hum) not how I'd imagine an acrobat would move."
"Ah, so thats the screen door effect. Couldn't that be removed by simply adding a diffuser film on top of the display?"
"""You broke my Oculus Rift! Good thing I have two!""
""I see you broke both of my Oculus Rifts."" But you know what, I don't need an immersive 3D experience anyway!"
"[Lost Ark](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LL5zGvsmSM0) (OG video)  - it looks even better now!

Last week I was looking for this - I forgot the name as well. I was trying to show a friend last week and stumbled on it - and [more/new footage](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAmn4x2r-O8). The game is crazy deep and it is getting a global release.

18 Classes

Sailing and world exploring (similar to like a Final Fantasy world travel with an air ship but with water boats (wtf are water boats))

Crafting

MMO or not if you want to do stuff yourself

Super huge challenge tower/boss thing

Trip-pod skill system - every skill can be combined with a tree of different effects/elements. Makes for hundreds, if not, thousands of combinations.
a bunch more details - this game is going to be crazy huge and deep.

There is even 3 sub reddits for it /r/LostArk - /r/lostarkgame - /r/LostArkOnline 
"
"Some modders did that with the Oculus, IIRC.  I believe the result was a less crisp display, but free from the screen door.  It was a trade off that they were willing to make, though."
4k panel size and its associated PPI is more important than actually rendering the image at 4k too. Killing the screendoor effect would be reason enough to go 4k and let rendering tech catch up later. 
"More like they'll find the most efficient way to achieve the goals you've set in front of them and do that over and over.

To use a strange example, a buddy of mine was hooked on Gran Turismo. Well, he wanted the most expensive car the game offered, and discovered that one track, just the goddamn oval, had the best ratio of money earned for winning to length of the race. So he didn't do ANY of the fun tracks, he just played that one race for days until he won enough to buy the best car in the game.

If devs don't want this crap to happen, then they shouldn't make games that amount to nothing but making numbers go up. "
"I feel like that could be solved by making the ""cone"" of kirby's inhale wider. And then the amount of flying kirby could do would have to be limited. Damn now I want a 3D kirby platformer. "
"What sucks is that Fox Engine is owned by Konami, so they'd really be starting from scratch. IIRC that engine took years to perfect, and it would be a long road to start all over."
"That sounds okay to me. Including a Rift-Optimized preset at least means they cared enough to set it up and, presumably, test it to make sure it works."
"Why don't these sites give a download link to the uncompressed (or less compressed) video? Comparing this on youtube isn't best. 

To me, those look almost the same "
He is 80 and is with a casual raiding guild that had roughly the same members 5 years now. He isn't taking anyone's spot.
"You can't copyright a game design though.  As long as they are different enough that a layman wouldn't confuse the two, there would be no real legal recourse.

The situation is quite similar to Bloodstained; which may not be *called* Castlevania, but is absolutely 100% Castlevania.  It's just different enough for Konami to have no legal standing to attack it."
"&gt; Is it me or does Nightwing looks super weird? His animations and the way he stands, even his size...it looks really bizarre.

That was my first thought when seeing him. He seems to idle oddly and not seem as active as Batman. Something just looked off. "
"The combat in this franchise has been consistently solid, but I'm not sure that this is a feature I'll entirely enjoy. I'll reserve final judgement until release, but for me the greatest joy in fighting is methodically stringing combos together to take down a huge group of baddies alone. Having an AI do any of the fighting could (but is not guaranteed to) reduce the fun of tackling these huge encounters."
They weren't the best examples but the most noticeable ones are the one where he had his back to the wall and the balcony one.
"I expect that it would've been third person. P.T. is just that, a teaser, it doesn't necessarily represent what the actual game was going to play like. I think they kept it first person so that they'd have that surprise at the end. "
"&gt; To me, those look almost the same 

Yep, keyword being ""almost"". You can pick out the textures and a bit of shadows/ambient occlusion, and with the short looking perpendicular at a wall you can see something funny with the meshes at the bottom of the wall.

By and large though, it's a similar case to TW2, you're not being massively inconvenienced visually by playing on low because the overall art of the game is so strong on the large scale."
"Well in this particular clip the biggest difference, and maybe the only visible difference, is the texture quality.  Choosing the right scene to show off each setting is important."
I want to be optimistic about the Morpheus but Sony has dropped the ball on content for their hardware so many times. How many memorable PS move or PS camera games &amp; applications have there been?
"There's not really combos in the Batman games though, for the most part fighting is done in with single button presses or pressing two at once for special moves or quickfire tools. Really after a while it feels more like a rhythm game in some respects. "
"&gt;I’ve tried twice and I don’t know if I’ll ever come back to the form. In one instance, the company went down, and in the second, the completely unexpected happened, which was Kojima and Konami separating. It’s kind of left me reeling.

Damn, why can't we have nice things?"
"that actually is a bit devastating. even if the kojima and del torro got back together, they couldnt get it to look like THAT"
Had they went with an i5-4690k then it would literally be *the* cookie cutter build. Not that the difference really matters.
"I kinda thought it might be cool to do a combination of first and third. Third person in the outdoor areas and first person indoors. That way you could create two dichotomous atmospheres, one claustrophobic and the other agoraphobic."
"&gt;“[Silent Hill] hit me at the right time when I played the first one and the second.""

If he's telling the truth here and he went through those games, then shit, not only am I impressed, I'm *way more goddamn upset*. 1 and 2 were arguably the finest examples of the atmosphere and tone Silent Hill is famous for, and knowing now that GDT probably had them in mind the entire time he was looking to make Silent Hills is almost a confirmation that this could very well have been *the* Silent Hill we were all waiting for. I really hope those two get this project back in their hands somehow."
"&gt; I'm sure the gaming community would be happy to open their wallets to see this happen.

Definitely. I'm an old SH fanatic, but at this point and after many disappointing titles, I don't care if a game is actually called *Silent Hill/s*. I'm already content with a game that captures the atmosphere and spirit. And even if it doesn't, if it's a genuine surreal horror game, I'd still be more than interested in it, because it's my favorite niche genre by far."
"Looks like he's using an out-of-combat idle animation instead of an in-combat idle animation, so they might just be blending into the wrong animation whenever he's not attacking."
The AI doesn't seem to be knocking out enemies or using takedown moves unless the player had already initiated the move before switching characters. Perhaps it doesn't even deal damage?
"Once Kojima officially leaves Konami, you can bet every big Publisher will be contacting him regarding a job.  He'll most likely be offered his own studio and creative control over its projects.  Whether he takes them up on the offer is another story, as he may just want to be independent, doing smaller passion projects he hasn't been able to do at Konami."
"Here is also a PS4 versus PC comparison. Really minimal differences. Also LOD seems to be the same.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Cn-ekHLqEY"
"This article only talks about their new Maxwell GPU's, no mention of Kepler at all, even in the specs table.  Plus, they have the 960 listed for Low/Medium/High 1080p.  Why even bother listing Low/Medium if it's capable of High?

&gt; 1920x1080, Low settings 	GTX 960
&gt;
&gt; 1920x1080, Medium settings 	GTX 960
&gt;
&gt; 1920x1080, High settings 	GTX 960

And if you think frame rate has something to do with that, you'd be wrong!  Since apparently these numbers don't reflect on frame rate values:

http://i.imgur.com/lGicnIV.png

I know Nvidia wants to promote their new GPU's but excluding their old cards from the performance table makes it seem like the 600/700 series won't be able to run this game at all.  Even the 750 and 750 Ti, GPU's that Nvidia is still manufacturing and selling (also Maxwell) are not listed.  Does that mean the 750 Ti isn't capable of running this game at ""1080p Low"", whatever that entails?"
"These animations are ripped off from Arkham City 1 to 1, they are identical, except for when they switch, that's a new one. Model is new.

Finished AC 100% twice, Catwoman and Nightwing were my favourite characters to enter Funhouse with.

Edit: Some animations are sped up to match new timings, other are not, and looks like transition animations from certain action to idle are missing. That's why Nightwing might abruptly stop and switch to idle out of nowhere, or that's my best guess. God I hope this isn't final, it looks painful."
"All that work on the Fox engine, its a shame to think that Konami won't at least licence it out to compete with Unreal and Unity."
"I'm kind of disappointed they haven't addressed how ridiculous it looks when you attack someone across the room and Batman slides along the floor like it was ice to hit them. It looked silly in Arkham City and even more so here. Perhaps something along the lines of 'play X animation if enemy is over Y feet away,' where it cycles different animations to close the gap without looking as silly, such as a roll or a short rush towards the enemy."
"&gt; Our development for OS X and Linux has been paused in order to focus on delivering a high quality consumer-level VR experience at launch across hardware, software, and content on Windows. We want to get back to development for OS X and Linux but we don’t have a timeline.

Well I know which one I'm buying now. As always, Linux gets treated as a second-class citizen. Surely Valve will provide day 1 Linux support  with the SteamOS push. I don't quite understand this though. If the game developer supports the HMD, what does the OEM have to do with compatibility?"
"Great, I wasn't able to participate last time! Here's some more time zones:

Location | Local time | Time zone | UTC offset
---|---|----|----
Los Angeles (U.S.A. - California) | Saturday, 23 May 2015, 15:00:00 | PDT | UTC-7 hours
Denver (U.S.A. - Colorado) | Saturday, 23 May 2015, 16:00:00 | MDT | UTC-6 hours
Chicago (U.S.A. - Illinois) | Saturday, 23 May 2015, 17:00:00 | CDT | UTC-5 hours
New York (U.S.A. - New York) | Saturday, 23 May 2015, 18:00:00 | EDT | UTC-4 hours
London (United Kingdom - England) | Saturday, 23 May 2015, 23:00:00 | BST | UTC+1 hour
Berlin (Germany - Berlin) | Sunday, 24 May 2015, 00:00:00 | CEST | UTC+2 hours
Helsinki (Finland) | Sunday, 24 May 2015, 01:00:00 | EEST | UTC+3 hours"
"Exactly, just look at that Forgotten Memories game that came out for iOS recently, even has the voices of SH2 James and Eddie. I think Kojima can certainly give them the middle finger and make Totally Not Silent Hill and everyone would play it."
And they're just going to kill the engine so they can work on mobile games instead. Absolutely devastating.
"&gt; How many memorable PS move or PS camera games &amp; applications have there been?

This pretty much. The sports-thing for Move was absolutely fantastic, the support for Killzone 3 was really good and some small indie-titles really took advantage of the precision of the Move. After that? Nothing."
"There is the possibility that Konami would sell or lease it, especially since they aren't going to be focusing on larger games anymore."
"I think you may be thinking of Hayao Miyazaki, as I've not read anything of Kojima wanting to retire."
"Yeah, I'm surprised people have to energy and time to be outraged all the time. I like following news and what not but I rather spend the energy being more optimistic and playing games. "
"CDPR has been forcing a few settings OFF in the PC preview builds, at least up until now:  HairWorks, AA, AO, Light Beams, and Sharpening are all disabled.  Additionally, they aren't allowed to use keyboard and mouse yet.  All of the footage so far has been with an Xbox controller.  There was a few seconds of KB+M footage captured at an Nvidia event yesterday.

Streamers have also been making claims like, ""We're playing on Ultra"" which has obviously turned out to be false... Since you can clearly see those settings are disabled when they show the options menu.

So, I'm skeptical about any comparison videos I see right now.

**edit //**  CDPR has pulled the video:

http://forums.cdprojektred.com/threads/36117-For-those-PC-gamers-who-are-craving-for-Min-vs-Max-comparison?p=1660944&amp;viewfull=1#post1660944"
"Well, Kojima seemed done with MGS after 4, and everything tied up perfectly. Peace Walker was just some PSP game that got surprisingly big for what it tried to be, and then MGSV rolled around for who knows what reason - let's see after the game is released if there truly was a story to tell there."
I think any company with *that* approach to creating VR content in general probably isn't an authority on what will or won't succeed in the marketplace. 
"That's what grounded me each time I thought ""fuck it! Del Toro and Kojima can come out swinging with a new IP after the MGSV fiasco is over with."" 

The Fox engine is fucking amazing. Does Konami's departure from games mean that'll be canned too or will they be licensing it? It's not like it's gonna be beneficial for mobile games. 

In a perfect world Kojima trolls his way into revealing to Kojima that the Fox engine rights stays with him."
"My guess would be the USB is responsible for sending the motion data. It definitely won't be doing video; like you said, that'll be the HDMI."
"Yep. For all The Rooms faults (We never go to Silent Hill at all? Really?), those apartment sequences were pretty effective scares."
"Kojima is still stuck at Konami until MGSV releases, but after that? Who knows what they'll do and what we may see?"
"Am I the only one who wants the reverse to happen? Del Toro making a Silent Hills movie? Take the ideas they had in the game and remake it for a movie. I don't know how it'd work, but if it could, I'd stand behind the idea."
"To be fair, some people really enjoy botting. I am one of those. Not in WoW (anymore,) but I have botted in multiple MMOs. It's weird, it's almost like a feel good sensation when you get the bot running optimally. Tweaking profiles here and there. I guess it kind of feels like you're beating the system.

I'll probably be downvoted, but yeah. It's kind of hard to explain. There is something satisfying about watching a bot play the game optimally."
"Something is definitely wrong. Check out the move he pulls at 3:32. Nightwing slams the guy down, so now he's sitting on the floor, and almost immediately after that he's back on his feet."
"They have an animation where he kind of leaps forward halfway, and then leaps again to get to them. At least they did in City.

EDIT: Having thought about this, I think the animation only kicks in when you do a special move to finish someone or disarm them, not when you just do regular attacks. "
"Well if ""meme"" franchises have games with the quality of Silent Hill 2 I dread to think what the rest are."
"&gt;  If the game developer supports the HMD, what does the OEM have to do with compatibility?

Quite a lot actually. Rift needs to use the API of the OS. The SDK that they develop is also based on the OS that is used for games that work on the Rift. Them focusing on Windows, where the large portion of the users are, for launch is a smart move."
"Silent Hill games always had this running joke thing where all the fucked up stuff that happens is actually because of aliens.

In PT there's specific references of War of The Worlds."
"Meh, the jump from the 2500 to today's models in terms of real-world gaming performance is negligible. The real progress has been made in lowering power consumption and die size.

As long as you have the required GTX970 an i5-2500 should do fine.

EDIT: [Here](http://cpuboss.com/cpus/Intel-Core-i5-4590-vs-Intel-Core-i5-2500) is a benchmark in case you don't believe me."
"They could license it, but not to Kojima. Not after all this drama. And definitely not to be used in a game meant to be a big ""fuck you"" to them. "
"&gt; The negativity and anti-kickstarter circlejerk is strong in this sub.

People are obviously right to be skeptical and critical to something someone puts in front of them and says ""give me money."" 

I don't even see this as cynicism... it's all pretty healthy."
Exams man! I've got 9 left and 2 on Monday. After they're done though... Build a nice PC with the £1000 I've got saved up (hopefully I can do it ok and make something good) and play a shit ton of games. Strangely I think I'll start with WoW cause I feel like it. £1000 to play a 10+ year old game. 
"Other modern engines do exist. A competent team working with Cryengine, id tech 6 or the latest Unreal Engine could produce equal results and all this tech can be licensed immediately."
"have you tried learning programming? not kidding, you sound like the person who would like it. setting up your own programm and seeing it work is really satisfying."
"&gt;  increasing resolution tends to have the side effect of decreasing the screen door effect

Increasing the screen resolution to be precise, not game resolution."
"I'm a VMC tester and we have the exact same rules that any other QA company or internal QA team has. We can be pursued legally if we break an NDA. It's not VMC's fault - it's the fault of the individuals who leaked footage. It happens all the time in the industry, so blaming one company for it doesn't really make sense."
"They need to cut down draw-distance, fidelity in general etc. You can't cut down from frames. It would be a puke-machine."
"Konami are being total shits and it makes me question my own sanity. I don't expect this E3 to be a good year, there is so much negativity in the air. However, Nintendo blew it out of the water last year and I look forward to more gifs like Reggie and Iwata fighting. 

Started playing Fire Emblem 7 and Okami, I really like them. Okami is super underrated. "
"Look, I'll be honest, I used to bot like a fucking madman in Diablo 2, and I've botted a few other games, although not WoW. The problem with botting is that it becomes... addictive. You do nothing, you get progress. It's like having your own little business, and your bots are your worker. It sounds kinda weird, but that's basically what it is. I started with one hammerdin bot in D2, I seriously stopped playing when I started botting, I'd just leave it in the background and play something else. I'd sell the stuff for runes and trade on d2jsp and amass fg. Then when I got bored, I'd make a new build, and then a new bot, and then I'd bot on my lite sorc. With 2 bots, I made twice the money... I pushed that up to 8 bots. I never got banned, but if I had, I think I would have just started up again. 

Basically, botting becomes a game itself. I actually still bot, but I do it on games that I do it on offline games. It's weird, but I like it that way, I don't have the stress of losing my account. For instance, and this might sound funny, but I run 3 Titan's Quest bots. I play around with the builds, and optimize them. Have them make faster and faster and faster runs. Change equipment/runes/etc... to make them even faster. I am about to do it on single-player Torchlight 2, I'll probably do that as a summer project, writing a bot is quite a bit of work, although less than doing an online one that has to go around security restrictions. 

Also before someone says ""Why don't you just cheat and use a trainer to give yourself the best items?"", that's just pointless imho. What's the point of botting if there is nothing to work towards to?

Another thing, botting in a game kills the joy for it. I've botted in Diablo 2, I used to play day and night with my friends, doing Baal runs... then I learned about bots, and once I started botting, I just couldn't play the game anymore. It's kind of weird, you get this feeling of pointlessness when you can use something that is more efficient than you, faster than you, etc... Also the boy requires so many specific settings that you often need to rebind the entire thing to play, so that wasn't great either."
"There's a serious advantage to developing on known hardware, but you're mostly right - the PS4 is weaker than high-end gaming PCs. That being said, you can still totally make compelling VR experiences on it (at 1080p/60/3D), if you design your content with the hardware in mind. Which you should be doing in the first place, even for the Rift, something that the quoted developer clearly doesn't understand. 

PS4 VR experiences will be uglier than PC VR experiences, but that doesn't mean they'll be *bad*. "
Other game engines are capable of similar graphical fidelity. How exactly would the hypothetical kojima/del torro game using a different game engine detract from how good the game could be?
I think Sony would be a good choice of big publisher since they frequently utilize the hands-off approach with their small studios and artistic games. 
"You're not understanding what they're saying. It's a discussion of how VR development works. On the PC there's an application called VorpX that can turn tons of non-VR games into Oculus Rift compatible games. The reason is that processor power isn't really a factor, if a given PC isn't powerful enough to dual render the game they can either drop the settings or upgrade the hardware. No extra development (in terms of engine and graphics) needs to be done to make games Oculus-Ready.

The Morpheus is on a console, where if a game in NON-VR mode is pushing its limits, it means the console literally cannot power a VR mode on that game. The only way to make it VR capable is to, like the guy said, drop the graphics in HALF in order to make the system capable of rendering it twice in stereo mode. But no one's going to do that, because giving a game half the graphics power in order to accommodate an accessory that's very much a niche market would hamstring the product."
"Wish that PoE had that good combat animation of D3. Then it would be a perfect game. 

Plus I love D3 graphics compare to PoE. "
That's completely different however. Silent Hill 2 is an already released game. Anybody in the world can play it and see what inventions/innovations the game designers came up with. Silent Hills is an unreleased game. Remaking aspects of an unreleased game would be stealing Konami's secrets. It would be an open/shut case for Konami's lawyers.
"At this point I don't really think it is. Anyone who has ever remotely seriously played a game with any kind of grind can tell you that players will look for the most efficient way to grind. If any designer tells me that they didn't think a player would choose to do that I will doubt that they know anything about this type of game. 

That is separate from whether it matters. I don't think a game dev can be upset that players ignore all the interesting and inefficient ways to grind in favor of the efficient but boring ways, but they can also say hey, it's your own damn choice. 

That said, I think a game is much better when the devs do choose to make multiple ways of grinding efficient or otherwise make it so there isn't a clear single best choice for grinding, because even if I'm the type of payer that will choose to go the fun route over the efficient route, I'm going to be mildly irked that everyone doing the boring thing is outpacing me."
"He would have probably left the series after 2 though, but then he pretty much did 4 as fan service. He probably got some motivation back when he got to exploring more of Big Bosses story.

One of the streamers for Outer Heaven Network (a twitch channel with three guys who play a ton of Metal Gear and know pretty much everything about the games) talked about how he interprets the symbolism of MGS2 and said that he felt that Snake represents Kojima and Raiden his team at Konami. He felt the game was much about his struggle of wanting to leave the IP to his team and pursue other directions.

Might be a bit far fetched but he reasoned it pretty well. If you are interested in checking it out, the guys stream at http://twitch.tv/uknighted"
"I'm well aware of VorpX. 

What I'm saying is that if you're just slapping the Oculus camera prefab into your project and calling it a day, you're making a *shitty VR experience*. You SHOULD be designing for VR from the ground up anyway, not doing a half-assed port that's going to make your users sick.

Essentially EVERY good VR game, both for the PC and for the PS4, will be built from the ground up with VR's limitations in mind. Both will look substantially worse than their 1080p/30 brethren on the same platform. It's not a cost that's unique to the console platform. If you think nobody will spend money to develop ugly games for an expensive peripheral for the PS4, why do you think the situation would be different on the PC?"
"He strikes me as more of the ""I never thought I'd be this famous"" kind of guy. 

He seems pretty down to earth. "
"Depending on the Yooka Laylee's success as a video game (not just as a Kickstarter product) I think we might see a comeback of 3D character platformers/collectathons. Especially with A Hat in Time being in developement for quite a long time and looking not bad actually! 

Other than that, I feel like shooters are getting more and more into futuristic setting. We already had Titanfall and the latest Call of Duty and the next CoD is looking very Deus Ex-like. "
"I'd love to see the disgaea series on PC. I also was interested in The Witch and Hundred knights, I'd love to see it make to pc."
"So, no longer at the same time as Nintendo's E3 Digital Event. That's nice, now I can watch Square's conference right after Nintendo finishes instead of trying to switch back and forth. Though maybe one or two announcements will be in both events, like a Bravely Second release date, please Square?"
"The thing that I love most about Del Toro, and this is evident almost every time I read or hear him speak, he is so wonderfully eloquent. 

And I don't mean in a loquacious, fancy vocabulary kind of way. Rather he strikes me as very open with his emotions and feelings. Reading his comments on this article I get a very distinct feeling of his love for the series, his pain of its loss, and his hope for its potential revival. 

More than most in the gaming / film industries, I get a real sense of *passion* from Del Toro. He always seems truly fucking **jazzed** about whatever he's working on. It's no wonder that he's constantly attached to myriad different projects. That kind of enthusiasm seems rare to come by, especially at his age."
"Zombies are everlasting. Video games need emotionless husks of a body to kill that can be murdered by the thousands with no remorse. They need that now and theyve needed it since the dawn of the computer game. Zombies are the perfect solution to this problem. The Zombie will never be on its way out of Video Games that just dumb. That to me is like saying

 Guns are getting old, I think guns are on their way out of video games.


Not happening and neither is the joy of shooting a zombie in the face. Because zombies aren't people and I don't want to feel bad for shooting Susie in the face but Zombie Susie? Fuck her, two in the face! Brrrap Brrrap! 

As for genre trends, open world action games with a tech tree all day long. God of War, the next Guerilla Games project, Dead Island 2, MGSV, Fallout, Call of Duty will be a open world Farcry type game before this is done I bet on it. Tomb Raider, Assasin's Creed, The Division, whatever pirate game Ubisoft will announce. The follow up to Shadows of Mordor, infamous, and Sunset Overdrive. I could probably go on and on and on. 

The real question is... Is that really a trend? Or just the evolution of the medium.I think it's probably just the natural evolution of games to take big open worlds and fill them with interesting mechanics. "
God please no. I can't take more exclusives after Bloodborne. Hopefully they can find funding without tying themselves to one system.
"It's a love simulator.

No murder here. Just an innocent schoolgirl hoping that Senpai will notice her."
"It really sucks. The new Silent Hill game could've been amazing. It had a lot going for it. PT served as a fantastic piece of marketing for the upcoming game, it got many long term fans hyped and reeled in even more of an audience.

Hopefully Hideo and Guillermo Del Toro can collaborate without Konami's stupidity getting in the way. "
"&gt; No they won't, for the dead-simple reason that PC games can always just say ""hey you need a more powerful PC to run this now."" That's why you can run Alien: Isolation at max settings in the Rift. A PC can be powerful enough that you can take a game maxed out and then have it run the graphics twice in order to give it a stereo experience. 

Optimizing a game to run at a *rock steady consistent* 90 FPS at &gt; 1080p resolution *does* require more than just slapping a higher requirement on it.  Dropping frames *will* (at the very least) break the sense of presence (which is the main reason to use VR over any other medium) or, worse, make your users sick.  Not to mention that there's lot of things that work fine with traditional monitors that will be uncomfortable or sickening in immersive VR.  Porting games to VR is more difficult than just integrating the VR SDK and then upping the requirements, it requires careful design and testing almost from the beginning to get it right."
"Won't be a huge jump for textures done that is something the consoles handle as well as most pcs. It's other effects they fall behind on. Think Shadow of Mordor, it's Ultra textures were barely better than very high which the consoles and pc had up to at launch."
"""Duel Play"" made me think there's going to be a versus mode where players can duke it out in slow motion upon slow motion countering each other. Not actually disappointed by the video but damn, imagine the slowdowns if there really was a duel mode."
"People who are upset haven't done their research into the progress of VR research over the last couple years. [Presence](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Immersion_%28virtual_reality%29#Presence) is probably the most important aspect of VR for the end-user. These VR headsets are using the *minimum* specs for maintaining presence which is limited by human biology or human specs if you will. Based on current video game performance, it's not surprising the kind of hardware you'll need to keep up with VR video games. Oculus and Valve aren't interested in promoting sub-par VR experiences because a) the consumers will be disappointed with screen door effects/nausea etc and then b) no one will buy VR hardware which results in c) no developers making VR software."
"I don't think anyone is attacking anyone who dislikes the announced features so far, he's attacking people who flipped their fucking shit at every little detail. 

There's voicing your dislike for something and there's acting like a petulant child who didn't get their way, and a lot of people on this sub were falling into the latter camp. "
"Maybe it is Agent 47 disguised as a Japanese schoolgirl, and the reason he never removes the disguise is because he's actually more comfortable like that than in his own skin.

Won't someone notice Agent 47-chan?"
"Hence why I said as a choice of big publisher. I'd rather them be independent, but if he goes with a publisher, Sony historically should give him a lot of breathing room. Just comes with the exclusivity hitch. "
"I'm surprised retro-esque/pixel art games haven't been mentioned already. Those things are selling like hotcakes right now. Shovel Knight, Papers Please, Titan Souls, Broforce, Nidhogg, Not A Hero, Uncanny Valley, Westerado, Super Time Force, Mercenary Kings, Half Minute Hero, shit's everywhere.

Not a diss on the fad in art style, but a lot of indie developers are jumping on it."
"Augmented reality.  Microsoft HoloLens and Magic Leap come to mind.

I am really excited to see what these technologies can do, and excited to see how they progress.  I really hope they don't end up as fads but the Virtual Boy turned me into a cynic at the ripe age of 13 :P"
"Oh Christ. Look, we're having some [inferential distance ](http://wiki.lesswrong.com/wiki/Inferential_distance) problems here. Just, listen for a second, okay? I do VR game dev. I do actually know what I'm talking about. 

The big thing you're missing is that performance isn't the only issue with developing for VR. It's a big one, but it's not the only concern. 

If you take a PC game like, say, Bioshock Infinite and just slap a VR camera into it, you're going to have a bad time. Even if your computer can run it at 2K/90hz (and most can't without dropping some settings), you're still going to have a bad time. 

You're going to have to deal with depth conflicts caused by layered rendering, post-processing shaders that introduce stereo disparities, forced camera movements, uneven accelerations, 2D UI painfully glued to your eyeballs, normal maps that don't look right in 3D, billboard effects that look like ass, the horrifying experience of joystick turning, the fact that most player characters are three feet tall, and the existence of stairs and jumping. Don't even get me started on facegun and world scale. 

The point is, a straight port is going to be a shitty experience for like twenty reasons, of which performance is only one. Even for performance, while you can technically fix it by throwing hardware at it, your game will sell a lot better if you target your game to a relatively mid-range technical spec.  

VR requires you rethink your art, game design, UI, rendering pipeline, and shader set. And, if you're building a game for VR from scratch, you might as well design your assets to run smoothly on mid-range hardware while you're at it. That optimization is not a huge additional cost compared to what's required to make a decent VR experience in the first place. Trust me.    

&gt;Because, not to belabor they point, they don't NEED to develop ugly games for the PC. A game that is currently made to look as gorgeous as it can be can ALSO be done in VR WITH NO PROBLEM.

Basically, it depends on whether you count literal, physical vomiting as a 'problem'. "
"That's what I do, and I find running bots satisfying as well!

So of course, the most ultra-satisfying thing is programming your own bot and making it run well.

I don't agree with releasing/selling them (or even using them to gain an advantage), but it IS a lot of fun to write them.

I was making one for a game where I didn't want to read memory, and EVERYTHING was slightly transparent so I couldn't do pixel matching - I ended up using OCR to read what was going on to know what state the game was in.

Difficult, but tons of fun. "
"&gt; Plus the poor experience with customer service

Wait, what? GGG's customer service is one of the best out there, they even refund if the skin you bought goes on sale the next day. Can you specify what happened?"
"OP has a typo in his submission. It's supposed to be ""Dual"" play, where the emphasis is on duality, ie. fighting as two characters instead of one."
"In all fairness, when a company announces a game and then announce a list of features not to be included in the game without actually saying what will be in the game, and when said company has a history of shitty anti-consumer actions to the point of straight up lying to the consumer (Sim City), it's a natural response to worry about the game or even worry that other features won't be in the game, which was later shown to be true when they continued to say more features were missing).

Perhaps EA should have actually said what would be in the game instead of what wouldn't. Give people hope, not cause to worry."
"This looks really cool, but also makes me wish there was an actual co-op mode, at least in the mission / challenge mode. I can just imagine how fun it would be to coordinate a predator challenge with two characters as you takedown a large area stealthily."
"Holy shit, so misleading.

&gt;In the wake of yesterday's banning of more than 100,000 World of Warcraft accounts, the makers of the Honorbuddy bot appear to have thrown in the towel. In a statement released on the Honorbuddy forum, developer Bossland said it appears that Blizzard can now detect the presence of the bot, and so it's shut down the Honorbuddy Authentication system.

No, just, no. Bossland has disabled the Authentication System, just like they do EVERY time there is a chance of detection, or there is detection. It's a fail-safe to stop idiots from trying to use the bot when it's obviously detected. They refer to it mostly as a tripwire. It may take a bit, but it will be back."
"Good decision on Square Enix's part. I don't know much about video game journalism, but they might have had a room full of reporters who were trying to pay attention a second show at the same time. Now they can have the floor all to themselves for that hour. "
"Am i blind? it barely see any difference, so if you can run Witcher 3 minimum settings, you pretty much got the experience minus a few shadows? 

this can't be right..."
"Sony will definitely go after him.  They have a lot of first party studios, and adding a Kojima run one would fit.  They have the Japanese business connection, and Kojima has a long history of making Sony titles.


I don't think he does it though.  He wants as many people as possible playing his games, which means Xbox, PlayStation, and PC (sorry no Nintendo).  He finally is releasing MGS on PC with Ground Zero and Phantom Pain, and I'm sure the PC people are pretty excited about that.


If he were to go with a publisher, and not a Sony or Microsoft, I'd bet Activision is the publisher.  "
"&gt; People even more keen than myself on FFX have noticed the RNG system is completely broken in the PS4 version. Random encounters and events are supposed to be, well, random. However, this is no longer the case in this version. Encounters always occur when they are supposed to, they will always have the same enemies, and the battles will always play out exactly the same way. No matter how many times the game is reset, the occurrence and outcome of encounters or events that involve the RNG system are set in stone.

&gt;Background music on the PS2, PS3, and Vita versions continued playing where the track left off once a battle occurred, but now this is no longer the case. For a game like FFX that has a ton of random encounters, you will likely only ever hear the first ten or twenty seconds of a track unless you stop and listen to the music. It appears to have to do with how the soundtrack switching system was implemented, affecting both FFX and FFX-2. The soundtracks sound amazing, which makes this bug so unfortunate. Hopefully it can easily be fixed in a future patch.


As someone who's never played FFX/X-2 this sucks... I hope there's a fix planned for these bugs.     

Here's a video someone post of the music glitch in action. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPN3DfJVliA"
"That's basically what Battlefront 2 had, only instead of a canyon it was space with an invisible floor.

The controls were poor, the class selection was neutered... as long as they have troop transport ships in the new Battlefront, I don't think we're missing anything. "
"&gt; then MGSV rolled around for who knows what reason

Money. Always follow the money.

Of course Konami seems to have been rapidly shifting gears now."
"I was just about to sell the PS3 version for this, but the broken RNG is a deal breaker. Too bad, as I wanted the original soundtrack. "
"I'm more pointing out how insane these comments are, a single kickstarter for a team of about 13 people somehow equates to the resurrection of rare, the resurrection of 3d platformers, the resurrection of buddy platformers etc etc.

"
"I don't know how comfortable Kojima would be within the ""indie"" constraints or lack of them. He's a high budget, long dev time man. He'd more likely work well with a hands-off publisher like Take Two (Rockstar's publisher)."
"Because paying for unfinished products isn't usually a donation, and even though it is framed that way, many people who think they're donating are actually paying with the expectation of getting something."
"I can understand that, it's been developed into a very good engine over the years. But if you were to consider replacing one part of your holy trinity, which one would you choose? I would argue that Kojima and del Torro are much harder to replace than a game engine, especially since there are several game engines at least as capable as the Fox Engine."
"I cannot comprehend how people are saying they don't see differences beyond shadows. The difference is night and day at the 1 minute mark, with Geralt in front of the stone wall standing on dirt. "
"It's sad, but it might be best to forget about Reedus if they were to go the indie, Kickstarter route. Paying to use a celebrity likeness is not a priority on a low budget... unless, of course, Reedus was actually so passionate about the project that he'd do it cheap."
"Aww, I thought this was going to include the night maps?  I must have missed the communication saying when they were going to be released."
It might be time for an upgrade in a year or two anyway though isn't it? Which would work well because by that time cv2 or cv1 version 2 might be out. 
"It's an HD collection of two remasters and original content, to be specific - and it is still very new on the PS4."
"They are still working on the night maps, the community map and some reimagined classic battlefield maps.

The good news is that EA confirmed all of them will be free to all bf4 players."
How would they have been capable of being in a test and responsible for a leak to get it banned if their system had not already done the one time setup? There's no logic there.
"I think a while ago they said they pushed the night maps back a bit to focus on this first, but yeah I hope they arrive soon. I'm really looking forward to them."
"It's true. Uncompressed video is so huge it's virtually impossible to share. Uncompressed 1080p video comes out at nearly 3Gb/s or 22GB per minute of video. The ""approximation"" thing is just an odd way of describing a type of video compression where the only information stored in a frame of video is the parts that have changed since the previous frame."
"How is this a slap in the face of those who bought the PS3 remaster? It has slightly better graphics and nothing else. Not to mention it's not broken, only the RNG is, which doesn't make the game unplayable, and will certainly be fixed before long.

The game isn't aimed at those who already own the PS3 remaster, and it isn't trying to justify the price of buying it again for those people. The target audience are the people who don't previously own the remaster. The PS3 version was $50 when it was new as well."
"They aren't ""happening"" in London. You just download the demo to your Wii U, then when the testfire starts the demo will allow you to search matchmaking."
I would take that with a grain of salt.  Blizzard has access to the the backend and it's far less time-consuming to script a proper table merge than it is to log on to each character and empty items individually.
"I think the sentence you posted should be read by all developers, as it is sadly true far too often. 

People (including me), often get caught up in achieving the goal (usually leveling) and stop enjoying the game. It's up to developers to step in and ensure that those goals can be met efficiently, but also be enjoyable.

I've played far too many MMO's where I find the most efficient monster to grind and just autopilot, because I was often presented with an alternative that was fun but severely impact reaching my goal. 

----

Somewhat on topic rant: Developers should NEVER determine items in chests (or whatever) at the time they are opened (single player games). It promotes people sitting there and reloading save states to get what they want."
The narration of these videos makes me want to buy it. It's a shame that sort of humor can't be voiced by the character you play. 
"Yes, raw video is truly gigantic.  However, there is a difference between *lossless* compression and *lossy* compression.  What the top commentor actually wants is a link to video that hasn't had Youtube's very lossy compression applied to it.

You're technically correct, but not helpfully (indeed, actually confusingly) so."
"Using youtube compression certainly contributes to that as well. If raw footage, or basically anything not youtube was available, the differences would show much better."
"All the OS X developers are getting pissy in the comments section, but is there an apple device out there that even has the equivalent power of those GPU's? I guess I don't see why they're complaining about being left out when there's no freaking way a mac-book pro (which is probably apple's most popular computer) has the horsepower to run any applications.  "
I doubt Del Toro wouldn't realize how uncommon those occurrences are though. It's not like every time someone tries to make a game the game company gets ride of the creative people and decides to focus on casinos and mobile games. 
"I think it's related to how much easier it is to produce pixel art assets for solo/small teams rather than any sort of ravenously desired aesthetic. Especially when it comes to animations. For 2D games art assets are 90% of the time invested if you try to do it yourself and you aren't otherwise an artist. Side-scrolling with some basic physics has been done so many times there are frameworks to get it implemented and a basic Mario clone up and running in an hour or less. Character, art, design - these are the challenges for indie devs, IMO. Until new tools come out that make it easier to make good artwork quickly (especially for non-artists), I think pixels are here to stay in the indie realm."
"I don't think he is talking about a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT ALL CAPS matter. I think he is bringing up a very relevant point. Basically, even if PCs have an essentially unbounded upper limit to power (limited by the most cutting edge hardware available) in that you can always just build a faster PC, slapping VR on to a game that wasn't designed for it in the first place is basically a useless exercise. So its moot as to whether its ""easier"" or the hardware can take it, because you might as well not do it because the end result will be a shitty experience. Now if the game was designed with VR in mind from the get go, then it will absolutely benefit from the power of a PC and no doubt this will be easier because of the lack of constraints vs on a console."
"The ""troll"" gunmaster variant sounds fun. ""This one starts out with ballistic shields (as weapons) and it’s downhill from there.""

Can't wait."
"Seriously. Kojima is one of the biggest names in the Japanese game industry right now, second only maybe to Shigeru Miyamoto himself. I'm not worried about Kojima without Konami's support, rather, I'd be more concerned for Konami losing their greatest developer.

The guy has a lot of clout in the industry. He's not just a professional, but a personality. All he needs to do is demonstrate his ambition to others and he could probably have a fresh studio full of talent within a month. 

I hope that Kojima and del Toro decide to press on with their game. And I hope it becomes massively successful. I would love  to see them rub it in Konami's face, show them what they could have had. Based on what we had with PT, they had too good of an idea to just let go."
I feel the same way. Metal Gear are some of my all time favorite games but I think V will be the perfect wrap-up to end the series on. It's time for Kojima to move on and I also cannot wait for his future projects.
Good on them to move so they aren't overlapping with Nintendo's E3 Direct. With Nintendo having a pre recorded video you'd have to assume that every audience member would have been watching the Nintendo Direct on their phones and ipads while Square reps were on stage. 
Kojima has always said he tried to give his younger team full control over the next game (passing down his memes) but felt the need to step up and take control again to make a great game.
We all wish that but that just isn't their goal here.  They seem to just strictly want to do stress tests.  
"It's been known for a long time that VR headsets are going to be very taxing on PCs since they require games to be run at high resolutions and high FPS. 

If you want to be an early adopter of VR you're going to shell out some money for a beefy setup."
"This is pretty promising for how well the game is optimized. I currently have a radeon 7850 2gb I was worried wouldn't run it at all, but now it's looking like I should be alright without even having to use the bare minimum settings. "
I dont feel like this is aimed at people who purchased it on the ps3 TBH. Personally I love FFX and was unable to get it due to my lack of PS3 or Vita so im totally in love with the idea to get to play the game on my PS4!
"Most likely they'll license it. Even with Unreal, CryEngine and Frostbite around I'm sure with a reasonable price tag, Fox would do well. It would be really exciting since it's not only a great engine but the port of MGS Ground Zeroes to PC ran like butter, so it's got the multiplatform versatility necessary for modern gaming."
"I don't think kickstarter is the best option for this.  Hideo Kojima's visions are typically pretty massive and might be out of the reach of typical crowd funding.  

Though, I suppose they could do something similar to Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night where they had a developer lined up and just needed to prove there was interest for this sort of thing."
Yeah that seems like the reality of things. I'm not angry or anything. I could probably use an upgrade anyways. 
I don't think the new suppression makes much sense tbh. I get it from a game play perspective but the idea that getting plinked at with a 1911 from across the map is going to have more of a physiological effect on you than some one blasting an RPK in your face is a bit odd.
"In an ideal world, this would be great, but i doubt voice acting is just showing up for 4 hours one day and pissing off while they make the games. It's constant re-recording. Look at the making of MGS4, they re-recorded all of Sunny's dialogue in Act 1 (or something) just weeks before going Gold."
I'm excited for this game. The guy making it has such a creepy tone when he talks about features on his channel. I wonder if it's intentional or not.
"I hope at some point tick rate gets upped too, although I'm not sure how possible this is to rollout. The recent video showing high tick rate was promising. Trade kills are far too common on BF."
Such a setback to the gaming community as a whole. Feels a lot like movie studios scooping up book rights and awesome scripts only to sit on them.
"I actually prefer a rollout of details about a game to be closer to the release. In fact I'd prefer that announcements of games would be closer as well. These super long periods of promotion before a game releases get tiring. I'm glad Witcher 3 is finally releasing. I'm sure the game is great, but I feel like I've been hearing about it for years."
He really does love sony though so I think it's quite possible.  Like PT was exclusive to PS4 and he always has nods to Playstation and sony in a bunch of his games (like the sony walkman in GZ).  
"&gt;they aren't allowed to use keyboard and mouse yet

That's so fucking weird. Why would they do that?"
"Not the other guy, but I'm going to be dumb and jump in here:

The quoted developer said:

&gt; Map the cemera tracking to what comes from the VR headset, and then put a warning sticker on the gmae saying that playing with VR is going to require a lot more powerful PC. Done.

/u/BullockHouse is pointing out that if a dev has that attitude towards VR, they probably weren't going to be producing quality VR titles on *any* platform, so using his comment as the sounding of the death knell of Morpheus developemnt is premature.

Yes there are many technical reasons VR development and uptake on the PS4 may be an uphill battle, but quoting a developer who describes Oculus development as trivial is not a good source of insider information. The technical requirements are a valid issue, but ""the discussion"" was about successful VR, not just hardware requirements."
"[Mass Effect Trilogy for $4.80](https://store.playstation.com/#!/en-us/games/mass-effect-trilogy/cid=UP0006-NPUB31093_00-STOREBUNDLE00123?emcid=so-ga-166&amp;utm_medium=Social&amp;utm_campaign=May_Flash_Sale_2015&amp;utm_source=Twitter&amp;utm_term=so-ga-166&amp;utm_content=PS_Social) is the biggest no brainer gaming deal of probably all time.

Edit: Can also recommend the [Jackbox Party Pack at $4.75](https://store.playstation.com/#!/en-us/games/the-jackbox-party-pack-/cid=UP2139-NPUB31611_00-JBPARTYPACKPS3F1?emcid=so-ga-166&amp;utm_medium=Social&amp;utm_campaign=May_Flash_Sale_2015&amp;utm_source=Twitter&amp;utm_term=so-ga-166&amp;utm_content=PS_Social) for parties."
"&gt;I don't think Blizzard could afford permabans at this stage of WoW's life  

They can afford this a lot more than they can afford letting the game become a cesspool of bots. PVP was very close to being completely dead in WoW because 90% of players were bots grinding for honor points. "
Peace Walker was supposedly the original MGSV but Kojima didn't want to give a handheld game that sort of numbered title.
"To be fair, big publishers going under and publishers jumping fully into mobile games while abandoning their poster child isn't exactly common.  Projects kinda fizzling out happen a lot but not like this. "
"Kojima and Platinum could definitely be an amazing combination with both being so talented at spectacle.

I'd also like to see a Kojima/Suda 51 collaboration, since both are so good at messing with players in bizarre ways.

Heck, just combine all three.  Combine the amazing action and flashiness of a Platinum game with the insanity of a Kojima and Suda 51 game and I'm sold."
"I'm not sold on Suda 51 here, sure he's made some great games but his games tend to be hit or miss really. Though I definitely agree it could get *really* crazy."
"Can I not get excited about my favorite devs of all time who created some of my favorite games of all time and their return? Do I have to be mellow all the time and not show hype for games? I don't see how a comment celebrating the return of a genre with caps on Reddit is ""insane""."
I'm just glad it isn't a gigantic vram hog for no reason (looking at you Ubisoft). Other than that hopefully there's a good render distance option for lower-end cpus.
"Couldn't the fact that Konami cancelled Silent Hills also hurt their ability to stop anyone else from using parts of it?  I remember something like that happening with Brutal Legend.  After Activision cancelled it, EA bought the rights.  Activision tried to sue EA to stop it from getting published, but EA countersued based on the fact that Activision clearly had no intention of actually publishing the game in the first place.

Of course, I'm sure there's all sorts of legal nuances involved that might make Kojima and Del Toro reusing ideas from Silent Hills different from EA publishing Brutal Legend, so maybe that wouldn't actually help them."
Here's hoping the three of them can reunite for a different horror game-I don't even care if it's not under the Silent Hill name at this point.
"Kickstarting seems really effective for game makers with very devoted fanbases but niche game ideas.  Things like Pillars of Eternity or Broken Age are perfectly examples of the kinds of games that make publishers hesitate but fans go crazy, and I'm sure Kojima and Del Toro could raise a lot of money in a heartbeat.  But it also depends on how big the budget they need is - Kickstarter can raise a lot of money, but not necessarily the millions needed for a huge AAA title."
"Lots of great stuff in there Mass Effect trilogy and Ni No Kuni stood out to me. If you haven't played Ni No Kuni, buy it, it's amazing. 

Freedom Wars also is a great deal. Don't Starve, really good flash sale this time."
"&gt; bots

When Battlefront came out, Battlefield had bots too.  They didn't drop bot support until after 2142."
"It was a mistake for konami to cancel this. This was pretty much guaranteed to make them money. I know people will say konami is trying to move into other areas, but this is literally turning down millions of dollars. Who does that?

If P.T didn't have that much of an effect, or if it were a new IP, I could understand canceling it. But this is just stupidity at its finest."
"SSAO is on in everything I've seen, HBAO+ is not. 

People act like Hairworks and ""Light Beams"" are somehow going to significantly improve graphics. They won't. 

 "
"I don't have one personally, but I've heard that the 960 isn't really that great. It might be a better idea, if you do decide to get a new card soon, to just save a little more up and get a 970 on sale or something."
"Because they decided not to name the weapons for whatever reason, they are:

AN-94 - Fan favorite assault rifle

Groza-4 - Silenced PDW

Groza-1 - Bullpup Carbine

L86A1 - Light Machine Gun

Mare's Leg - Unique Sniper Side Arm

The Mare's Leg looks like an interesting addition. I never would have expected an old time-y lever action rifle in a modern Battlefield, but damn if it doesn't look stupid as hell with all those accessory rails and attachments."
"It's not out yet so we can't give you a precise estimate, but with some setting like hairworks off you can probably get 60fps at 1080p. "
"Googled exactly that and I can't find anything about him retiring from making games. I can only find articles about the current situation with Konami, him retiring from Metal Gear, and a 2012 article of him saying [""I will make games until the day I die""](http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2012-03-17-kojima-i-will-make-games-until-the-day-i-die). Maybe you could provide an article?

He also said this at the 2008 MTV Game Awards, after he received a life-time achievement award:

&gt;""I have to say, even though I received this award, let me state that I will not retire. I will continue to create games as long as I live."""
"I've only met two people who get outraged by these types of hobbies constantly (games, comics, tv shows)and in my experience they're just sad people that honestly don't have much of a life outside these hobbies. I mean they could have a job or go to school or college but that's about it. They're life is so uninteresting they have to make a fuss over the most useless and petty shit. Sad thing is when they start talking about this in real life, people just don't give them the time of day and don't give a damn. So, basically, they're sad people with sad lives that need something to sound interesting in their life."
The game's officially released in *4 days*. I sure as fuck hope someone like CDPR has the kb+m controls worked out by now.
"Its funny because your comment is full of praise for Kojima, yet i still think it is a massive understatement.  You dont even need to say their first names and everybody knows - Miyamoto and Kojima are on a level of their own.  When their games drop the whole industry changes to follow their lead."
"Heather was a teenage, all teenagers are annoying to an extent, also I thought the story was fine and suitably disturbing for a SH game.

4 had great ideas and the ghosts and first person were some innovations the series needed, but it was hamstrung by a cut back development, thus the backtracking."
"Oh, no. They might not be able to add rift support to the 2 games that will get Mac releases in the next 10 years."
"Though it is not really mutiplayer, a community based around [Nethack](http://www.nethack.org/) (1987?) still very much exists and the game is still updated. It is an ASCII RPG that you should likely check out at least for a bit if RPGs are your thing."
"Not counting the cult that is Star Citizen, crowdfunded projects so far have not been able to raise but a fraction of the costs of an AAA game."
"Sounds promising but as far as I can tell, the article doesn't mention which drivers they are using. Nvidia has announced a ""Game Ready"" driver for The Witcher 3, coming shortly before the launch. It could potentially mean even better performance. SLI profile included for those with multi-GPU systems.

Source: http://www.geforce.com/whats-new/articles/the-witcher-3-wild-hunt-is-your-system-ready"
"Bayonetta is going to solve mystery's in a zombie highschool with the power of orgasms.  

*Are you feeling it zack?*"
"Doom is still alive and well due to the hundreds of WADs and various different mods. I'd say the most popular is Brutal Doom, which recently just got a new update: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSzYliSASKc"
"The apartment was the best part of that game. I loved walking around and seeing all the little details, like the guy playing his guitar in the apartment across the street. Would be really cool to see a game focus on horror in a very small environment, with it gradually becoming more hostile. 

The rest of the game wasn't very impressive. There was what felt like a greater focus on combat, while still being clunky and they, IIRC, got rid of the flashlight. The actual environments just didn't feel that scary. "
"A lot of japanese devs are chummy with Sony and honestly, it's hard to blame them when Playstation dwarfs both PC and Xbox in Japan. It must be infinitely easier to develop for one specific console and if Sony offers the money it must be hard to refuse.     
    
But as a westerner it really sucks. Thankfully more and more japanese devs seem to be realizing the viability of Steam releases."
"I know it's a ""horror"" game but I don't think SH2 was trying to scare you. It's a story about a man slowly coming to terms with the resentment and anger he felt towards his poor, sick wife for ruining his youth with her medical needs. That's just...depressing. It's supposed to be disturbing and uncomfortable, not outright scary. "
"eh, gameplay should always trump canon IMO.  I rather play an amazing game that has some canonical or weird ""science"" flaws, then a lesser game that adheres to the rules"
"The development of this game is ridiculously good. I've been waiting for a while for it to become more complete, but these videos make it hard to wait."
I imagine the PS3 version isn't nearly as popular and the publisher probably didn't want to price the PS4 version $5 or lower. 
"Seems to me most websites are quoting ""Ultra!"" but with quite a few options disabled until day 1 patch, so they shouldn't say ultra/maxed. AA disabled, HBAO disabled, God Rays Off, Hairworks off. Im sure with those turned on it may not run ""fine""."
"Just wanted to point out, if you intend on buying Trials Fusion you should strongly consider the additional cost of the season pass on top of that $4.99 price-tag. Trials Fusion is a great game, but a majority of the game's worth lies within the community created maps, which predominately rely on various DLC objects. "
"Tinfoil hat:  They want the Xbox button prompts to appear in all screenshots/video so it looks like Xbox One footage at first glance.  Sure, anybody watching the stream will know it's the PC version since they tell you, but anyone taking screencaps or just floating images around the web, it will look like console footage.  Also, the webcam video of the players themselves will show an Xbox controller in their hands.

Realistic:  It's easier and more convenient to use an Xbox controller rather than trying to handle a keyboard and mouse.  Most of the streamers are sitting in lounge chairs and couches, and it's much easier to use a gamepad in those situations."
"It's not their fault, but they need to keep in mind that achieving the goals of a game in the most efficient way arent the funnest. Should I be punished because I choose one over the other? 

I'm not talking about speed running a game or anything, but hitting a point where you want to progress and it is taking to long, so you take an optimal route that is less fun, so you can enjoy other parts of the game later.

Say you play an MMORPG, and you want to hit level 40 for a new kickass skill. Would you rather spend 5 hours taking the slightly more enjoyable route, or would you rather grind through and get it done in 2 hours? Neither option is wrong, but developers should aim to remove that, so that you are always enjoying the game and are making progress efficiently. 
"
"If quite a few of the options are disabled then that would mean that the current videos comparing the PS4 and PC versions are basically useless surely?

Unless whoever is doing those videos has access to the restricted options... which i doubt."
"It should be noted that hairworks is a fairly terrible feature because while it looks nice its so fucking hard on performance no matter what card you use.

Ive heard reports that its bringing 980's to their knees at 30fps with hairworks enabled."
"I can't help but feel sorry for those who bought into Hardline on PC.  With the way its still superbly supported, BF4 offers far better value for money even 18 months after release and actually has people playing it.  Seriously, has anyone checked out how much the PC player base of Hardline has tanked recently?

http://bfhstats.com

PC

2,731

Peak 24h

4,329

http://bf4stats.com

PC

16,117

Peak 24h

27,047

The game only has comparable numbers on xbone and PS4.
"
Have you seen those bots? They're really well made. And of course they can afford it. Games with less than 100k total players hand out perm bans for botting. 
"He's not suggesting changing the gameplay but rather the animation. Gameplay stays the same , just doesn't look so ridiculous."
Hmm that doesn't hold up here. Its a problem that can be solved with animation changes? Animation quality/style is intimately tied to gameplay 'feel'. 
"I also feel like no one talks about how... out of place some of the hair physics are in some games. I don't know exactly how it will look here, but TressFX looked incredibly out of place in Tomb Raider. I'm battered, bruised, bleeding, and covered in dirt, but my hair looks like a L'Oreal commercial."
"It makes sense. No matter how hard you try to optimize it, having dozens of characters on screen (in the city) with them each having their own hair rendered by the strand seems like a performance hog from hell. It reminds me of ubersampling from TW2, something that was unplayable on hardware at the time but as the game ages will become an option for future players."
"I think the art style is pretty rad. 3d cartoon series are sort of hit or miss, yeah I'm nostalgic for the terrible 3d of beast wars, and Jimmy neutron for sure had its moments, but 2d art still currently allows for more expressive and reactive characters."
"They patched out the online requirement months ago. Pretty sure it overwrites the default OS too so even if you factory reset it, the setup doesn't require online."
"My thoughts exactly. If anything I predict that indie games will steer away from this trend in the future, in order to stand out."
"Yup. I hate how people seems to think crowdfunding is the ultimate solution, when it never came close to even support a big project."
"I honestly think anybody interested in Ni No Kuni should make some research about it. I personally found it annoying, the story was too childish, cliché and predictable while the gameplay was irritating to say the least with its cooldowns issues. 

After so much time invested in it, all I could wonder why was I even cared about finishing it. I kept waiting for whatever other people saw in it and was completely let down when it ended.

Some people like it, so whoever is reading this should at least check out some gameplay/reviews, but beware that others will hate it.

Though for that price I guess you could give it a try, hate it and move on, or potentially like it a lot."
They had a chance to make a new Silent Hill that would grab the attention of new audiences and wouldn't suck... so of course they fucked it up. They're Konami. 
"I don't know, it's not just about how uncommon it is, it takes a lot of effort and time to get these projects going, and to see them go to waste? i don't know if i would make another game either."
"translating parts of the article:

&gt;for Ultra-Details and Full HD already a fast middle-class card like a GTX 770 oder R9 280X is sufficient

&gt;Impressive: Despite very likeable grafics and mostly tasteful and diversive texturing, the Witcher 3 was already happy to be played in full HD with 2Gig grafic card memory

&gt;This advantegous usage of resources even allowed us to disable hyperthreading and undertact the processor below 2GHz and still be able to play with Ultra-Details on a stable framerate. The usage of the remaining and additionally handicapped processors spiked in this scenario to 100%. Should you have a more-or-less recent quadcore with about 3 GHz and a good middle-class GPU memory, you should with our recent results not only get the optical most beautiful but also most fluid version of the Witcher 3.

&gt;Once we are able to lay hands onto the final version, we plan for a high-quality test with a PCGH-Preset and high-end-GPUs for our graphic enthusiasts


Also interesting is that they said that shadow quality, view-range and texture-resolutions can be set in a configuration file.

hairworks seems to be extremely demanding, especially on amd cards"
At 1:20 -ish you can see the straight edge of the castle even on max settings. The downgrade from the 35min gameplay video is real.
It's pretty easy to get into as well. The visual scripting they use (Blueprint as it's called) is fantastic.
"They wrote that people should have patience, as the announced day 1 patch might change some things, so I guess they are playing on a non-game optimized driver."
"&gt; Would be really cool to see a game focus on horror in a very small environment, with it gradually becoming more hostile.

Shit man, that's what PT was!"
"Okami HD for under five bucks! DO IT!!

It's a freaking Gem of a game, loved by fans and critics, but sold terribly because it had bad marketing."
"You get to finish your game.  And apparently if you enter the tutorial zone before the end of the test time, you can stay in it."
"""We also recommend a 120-256gb SSD, a 1TB HDD, mid range Z97 board, a 500-750w Corsair or EVGA PSU, and an H440 for best results."""
Thank the almighty that *something* is pushing the boundaries of hardware again. We have been stuck in a rut of marginal hardware improvements for the last 5 years. Hopefully this is the thing that kick starts the competition again.
"As someone who has never played World of Warcraft, isn't the whole *idea* of the game to be a grind for better gear? Run through a bunch of dungeons to get that Sword of Unholy Justice etc... Why is this considered a bad thing? If it was easy to get that sword then it wouldn't be worth the effort."
"L86 makes me tingly in the swimsuit area.  The L85 is tied for my favorite AR, so hopefully this perform similarly.  I rocked the L86 big time in Bad Company 2."
"&gt; and some reimagined classic battlefield maps.

~~This is not confirmed. It is only a rumor at the moment. I personally think it is unlikely.~~

EDIT: /u/Mikey_MiG comment confirms that there are classic map(s) in the work. This is new info as of  yesterday that I hadn't seen. Sorry for the misinformation people. "
Holy fuck this statement hurts to read. The FOX engine is gorgeous I'm pissed Konami is gonna fucking sit on it and let it go to waste. 
"No that's not really how it works. Talking purely pve (since its simple to explain) the goal is end game raiding which is difficult and completed by like 1% of the players. Basically you have to do shitty grinds for gears, god awful grinds for materials and a whole load of rubbish so that you can do the fun part. The grind isnt the effort, and it doesnt provide the reward. It's just a road block to raiding."
"It's strange to me that nVidia, AMD and devs have decided to go after realistic hair before adding things like realistic cloth, water, destruction or any number of other things. It seems like something relatively inconsequential to me."
"""those character designs are by writer/storyboarder Zac Gorman.""

For those that aren't aware, he is the artist behind [these](http://magicalgametime.com/post/33639451635/inspired-by-costume-quest-a-fantastic-halloween) [comics](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-SED8wV-wYfM/VS5tUMYu6wI/AAAAAAAAOgE/1cFgLv5p_I8/s1600/costume.jpg) and who I believe was also a writer/storyboarder for Over the Garden Wall, which was fantastic. I also thought this would be in 3d, but I'm totally ok with this."
"I bought Hardline and put 43 hours into it. I enjoyed it for quite a while up until the point where I noticed how terribly balanced all the weapons are. You essentially have three assault rifles that are good, two SMGs and maybe one battle rifle that are usable. All of the maps are two small to really bother with using a sniper rifle, and there is no reason to use any of the carbines over an assault rifle. If they could achieve something that resembles balance in the smallest way in that game I would go back to it in a heartbeat. In the meantime I'll stick to BF4."
"Not exactly old games but remake from old games. [OpenRA](http://www.openra.net/), an open source remake of classic C&amp;C games such as C&amp;C Tiberium Dawn, Dune 2000 and Red Alert 1 with updated UI and quality of life improvements.

These guys are also working to port Tiberium Sun and Red Alert 2 to that engine."
"Yes it hasn't been confirmed, however DICE did ask a while ago for fan input on which map they want reimagined.

&gt; We’re aware of – and humbled by – the many requests of re-creating classic Battlefield maps within the Battlefield 4 universe. Now we have a question for you: if a reimagining of a Battlefield classic map was to happen, which map would that be?
&gt; 
&gt; We’re really curious about your input on this topic, so head to this poll to share it: https://sv.surveymonkey.com/s/VMRMP3X
&gt; Note that you can vote on several maps from several Battlefield games.

[source](http://battlelog.battlefield.com/bf4/news/view/battlefield-4-and-the-road-ahead)"
"According to the Diablo lore, all ""human"" beings on Sanctuary are Nephalem. They were the result of angel/demon interbreeding, and more powerful than Heaven/Hell potentially. Inarius feared that power, and he altered the Worldstone to also weaken the Nephalem over time (the Worldstone also hid Sanctuary from Heaven and Hell, as Inarius and Lilith brought angels and demons there who tired of the constant war). I don't recommend game/film universe novels that often, but the Sin War trilogy is pretty fabulous as far as Diablo lore goes (once you get bast Knaak's knack (ha!) for repetitive storytelling).

Diablo 2 ended with that Worldstone being destroyed, which should have opened up Blizzard for the awesomest sequel ever. Heaven and Hell were free to invade, and the Nephalem were going to regain their powers. The D3 story should have started about ten minutes after the D2 story ended. There were hints dropped in D2 that Tyrael had his own agenda; it should have been written that Diablo possessed Tyrael, and used him to convince you to destroy the Worldstone. Or that Tyrael himself wanted it destroyed so he could challenge for control of Heaven. The floodgates should have opened, and all of Sanctuary should have been invaded like Arreat was in Act 5 of D2. 

Instead, Blizzard sucked minion dong, and went with the tired ""Years have past since the top of the world had it's shit blown out of it, and everyone has forgotten for some reason which is unfortunate because a dark evil is growing"" schtick. It's like they purposefully wanted to make sure they didn't actually try to reference the old material before they wrote the plot. "
"Ni No Kuni is a love it or hate it game. I've heard people despise it and I've known people who absolutely love it (myself included), but I've never heard anyone be meh about it.  
It seems you either decide that it isn't for you after less than 10 hours or you sink 100 hours and go for the platinum. No in-between!"
"My GTX 570 isn't nearly as happy right now. I swear I'm going to retire it, eventually...

Funny thing is that 1.25GB seemed like a pretty big amount of VRAM five years ago, but now 2GB is almost the bare minimum to get most games going on decent settings. If not for that, the GPUs of that time would still be very competitive against current-gen consoles."
There was a Kotaku article recently reporting that the people behind the Gears of War Remake leak had their consoles bricked.
"[**@Cheesemeister3k**](https://twitter.com/Cheesemeister3k):
&gt;[2015-05-15 18:08:47 UTC](https://twitter.com/Cheesemeister3k/status/599275246986760192)

&gt;Here's an updated worldwide timetable of [#E3](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23E3) 2015 press conferences. [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/CFENqUhVAAATlkt.png) [^[Imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/gbngDkr.png)

----

[^[Mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/364hpv%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](http://np.reddit.com/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)
"
"""The only thing I think about now is.. what if... when we released Doom, we actually released Brutal Doom?"" (laughs). We would have destroyed the gaming industry, I think. Brutal Doom is hilarious.""
- John Romero

According to the official BD page"
"Surprisingly, there's still a little Halo CE community on PC. It's laggy as hell and mostly Brazilian, but it's there."
"It isn't thriving by any means but I dusted off Warcraft III: Frozen Throne the other day and you can still find a decent selection of custom games, it just takes time to fill the lobbies. People who grew up on that game like I did can probably remember the ridiculous creativity that came from those custom games. From what I hear the non custom game community is also still alive on w3arena but I usually stick to customs so I can't attest to that. If you haven't even thought about the game in ages I would really recommend jumping back in"
Ive been told numerous times that Freelancer is still alive and kicking in the form of online multiplayer servers. Ive meant to check it out so many times that ive lost track.
"Tribes and Tribes 2... There are dozens of us! 

I feel like Tribes Ascend got the feel right but was badly mismanaged."
"Speaking as someone who was seriously into raiding (albeit i did take breaks for months at a time sometimes, but I've done every tiers since TBC first hit when it was relevant), the gear grind to get into the entry level raids was never particularly bad. It took maybe a week or two of a few hours per day to grab everything you needed. The introductory raid has always been able to be beaten with all blues from heroics and some craftables that your guild should be helping with anyways, hell when WotLK first hit you could do Naxx with the old BiS gear from TBC.

The real reason that only 1% ever see the endgame content was because A) most people suck at the game, they do half as much damage as they should with their gear and are incapable of managing their character and being aware of their surroundings at the same time, and B) they couldn't put in the time and effort to get a steady group and put in the work. It takes a ton of trial and error to work your way through bosses and I did a ton of number crunching to help my guild's DPS be optimal, so that we could barely squeak out a victory and snag the realm first on bosses.

"
"I'll never forgive hires for that tribes ascend was so damn good but just didn't support it, such a shame."
"The sequel is called Bravely Second: End Layer. The original was called Bravely Default, subtitled on it's menu screen ""Bravely Default: Where the Fairy Flies"". Or in Japanese Romaji ""Bureiburī Deforuto: Furaingu Fearī"". 

How fucking pedantic do you want me to be? I said ""Bravely Default 1"" to make it clear it was the first game. If you'd like I can list release year and director too, and give Chicago Manual of Style citations.

"
"Nidhogg is a great game to play with friends, not nearly enough content to warrant the full $15 price imo, but for $5 it's enough to have some great fun with a couple friends over."
"Double tinfoil: CDPR partnered with Microsoft (they showed exclusively on their conference at E3), so they did what you said AND downgraded the PC graphics to lessen the blow on the XBone. In a statement, they also said something along the lines of ""We had trouble on one of the consoles, which had worse perfomance, I don't want to say which one, I don't want to bring that discussion here"".
"
"The original X-COM has quite active modding community, especially now that Openxcom has been out for a while. They are also bringing support for TFTD in the future."
"This scenario only benefits the developer/publisher, since i am the consumer this only hurts me. So sure, it makes sense, but its shitty."
"**Fortress Forever**, a HL2 mod that is heavily inspired by Team Fortress Classic, still has a small but active community.

**StepMania** is still very much alive and well. The community resides in the Flash Flash Revolution forums, which is also still kicking. /r/StepMania "
"The Wolf Among Us is a great story delivered by Telltale Games. Great to pick up for $5 if you liked their other games but were also helped along since they were popular franchises (e.g, The Walking Dead, Borderlands, Game of Thrones) "
"It's always going to be like that, always has and always will be. 

It's up to the mods of those subreddits to decide what is constructive criticism that should be talked about and what is unjustified complaining. 

If I were a Dev though, especially for a title that requires ongoing support, I WANT to hear what my players are saying, unfiltered. 

Players telling the developers exactly what they want and are willing to pay for is awesome for both parties. It can be a win/win situation. 

Example: Quick death of Skyrim paid mods. "
It's funny to read this.  I've been considering writing a post about apologists in game communities who refuse to admit any aspect of their favorite game isn't the best thing ever.
"They pulled the video. See this comment by the CD Projekt:

&gt;Regarding the comparion video, unfortunately we don’t know how this video was created and what PC settings have been used. It compared an early PC version with a PS4 debug build without the day 1 patch. So it's quite an uncommon basic setting. Something went wrong here and therefore we spoke to the editorial team behind it - we both agreed something is not quite right and while we're figuring out what mistake has been made, we have removed the video. We do admit it looked pretty wonky, hence its removal.

&gt;It simply made the PC version look pretty bad and YT compression didn't help either. This was not the final build for PC on which we are working till the last moment.

&gt;There will be visible differences between console and PC (we always said so), stuff like:

&gt;- draw distance
&gt;- framerate
&gt;- resolution
&gt;-exclusive features such as hairworks

&gt;We're sorry about the confusion. We are just 4 days away from the release and we can't wait when the PC players will get their hands-on the game.

TLDR: The video was not a valid comparison."
"Multiple playable protagonists is becoming more popular since GTA V. Look at the new Assassin's Creed, for example. Or Arkham Knight. You can switch between protagonists at will."
"Unreal Tournement 2k4 still has an active playerbase as recently as 2 weeks ago.  

Wolfenstein: Enemy territory still as well, and that game is free to download and play."
I think the elephant in the room of this question is Starcraft: Brood War in South Korea. It's nowhere near as big as it once was but still massive for a 17 year old game.
"The bans varied on account statuses between 6 months, 1 year, and permanent.

Not sure why every single outlet is leaving this part out.

They weren't blanket 6 month bans, quite a lot of them were permanent or 1+ years."
"While trilogy doesn't come with any of the DLC, the Ps3 versions of the games actually came with all the ME1 DLC on disc, and nearly all of the ME2 DLC on disc. You'll get most the important bits for those two games.

The only DLC you'll be missing for ME2 is Arrival. I recommend it, as it basically bridges the gap between ME2 and 3.

3 is another story. There are two DLCs that most people seem to consider necessary for that one: Leviathan and Citadel. I also would personally consider From Ashes to be pretty important, as the character it adds to the game is fantastic. The other DLC, Omega, is skipable but not bad if you want a little more Mass Effect."
"Brutal Doom is a great place for new players to start playing Doom, and it deserves all the praise it gets.

It's a shame that the elite speed runners of ultra hard wads in vanilla doom 2 don't get more recognition.  Someone recently beat the  ""impossible"" No Chance WAD on ultraviolent difficulty:

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=uMgZkSFSbIk

The degree of skill it takes to be spatially aware of every mob types' projectiles and how to prioritize clearing this map is insane. "
"I *think* what he means is that if they had greatly increased the difficulty of vanilla doom, that the landscape of games that doom inspired might have a different standard than what we are familiar with today.


Probably because everybody would have broken their keyboards and vowed never to play another fps again"
Perhaps. My interpretation after some thought boils down to the fact that doom in it's original state was already perceived as a hyper violent murder simulator which caused kids to worship satan and kill each other and themselves and people tried to censor it as such. If iD had released brutal Doom in 1993 then that perception as well as lobbying against Doom (and the video game industry as a whole) would have been increased 100 fold
"Or I'm reading too far into it and he's just saying ""we'd have destroyed the gaming industry"" in the same sense that Kim Kardashian ""broke the internet"" "
"This existed before reddit and continues to exist in any specific game forum. It's just human nature, and it's too easy to be part of an angry mob on the internet.

I think it's important to remember that a lot of the people that are content don't really feel the need to talk about how content they are. A lot of those people also don't really have much to talk about.

I love Dragon Age and the Witcher and have been subbed to their respective subreddits for months. I've made 0 posts.

So most of what's left are the angry people."
"I think there is no better answer than Smash Bros Melee. Even with Smash 4 just being released, Melee is the biggest period of it's competitive life, being more played today than on it's ""golden age""

It's glorious"
Grim dawn has had a good amount of content released at a steady speed though. Have you played it recently? A large content patch came out just yesterday.
"&gt; still updated

In theory. The latest version came out in 2003. When I started playing Nethack in 2008, this fact was a bit silly. Now it's just sad.

The dev team insists that they are still working on the next release, but they're approaching the Duke Nukem Forever point.

Don't take me the wrong way though, it's still one of my favorite games of all time. I just wish they would release a fucking update."
"That's because a lot of those forums don't have any official recognition. There's no one to demand anything of. If devs were to not point out they have a presence on Reddit, there'd be less complaining."
"Star Control 2! Not only do you have the game open sourced as ""Ur-Quan Masters""  but there's an HD remake called ""Ur-Quan Masters HD"" that lets you play the original game OR use graphics the high res HD graphics.  Few people know about the game (as there were fewer PC gamers in the 1991) but it's the inspiration for  games like Mass Effect, and it's consistently rated as one of the best games of all time. "
The worst part is we all know what it could have been as well. PT was one of the best horror games of all time and it was a god damn hallway.
"&gt; Brutal Doom is a great place for new players to start playing Doom, and it deserves all the praise it gets.

Ehh, I would probably recommend starting with the vanilla game. Brutal Doom changes a lot of things, it's not simply ""this is better Doom"", it's a different experience."
"Definitely League as the guy living in Korea said, it replaced Starcraft as the ""national sport of Korea"" (used loosely as real sports like soccer and baseball are bigger) in 2012 or so."
You haven't even said what you don't like about dark souls and I'm already willing to carve you limb from limb.
"Yeah Konami won't end the MGS series at V it will continue on as a mobile games or pachinko machines.

I really wish I was being sarcastic."
"/r/leagueoflegends is more about the esport than the game.  Not that that's a knock against it, but it is what it is."
"I've actually noticed the opposite. Subs that are basically where you talk about how Game X is amazing and find excuses for any of the game's faults. It makes sense, generally if you're going to bother to subscribe to a forum for a specific game it means you like it, but it gets annoying.

/r/destinythegame has shades of this, it used to be really bipolar and it would swap from major hate to major love on any given day. I stopped going there because it was giving me emotional whiplash."
"The two groups are the loudest. You either have ""This game sucks and nothing about it is good, you are a terrible person for liking it!"" or ""This game is the best game ever invented!!!!"" 

Then you have people like me, who just want to enjoy the parts I enjoy, and dislike and critique the parts I don't. "
"Somethings worse, some things better. I think the mountain landscapes look a lot better. Garalt looks pretty good in cinematics, but his in-game counterpart looks about the same was Wither 2. Much of the game looks flat, and that's because the lighting system is no that great; I imagine they scrapped the old one for being too resource intensive for the consoles. This is almost exactly like what happened to [Dark Souls 2.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykbT03r_9Zo)"
"Holy shit E3 is looking huge this year. Seeing as there are only  handful of truly must play games on the horizon I'm sure that we are going to get an immense amount of announcements. 

Bethesda with the likely joint reveal of Doom and Fallout 4 is going to be amaaaazing. "
"14 years old and Melee is literally bigger than ever. It's amazing.

The Smash 64 community is smaller, but still quite active at 16 years."
"&gt; -a comeback of 3D character platformers/collectathons      
&gt; -shooters are getting more and more into futuristic setting

So we're basically going back to the early 2000's/late 90's?"
"/r/Warthunder had an interesting experience with that. There used to be an official company representative on the subreddit, but they withdrew them due to ""overwhelming negativity"".

Their own official forums are not well known for their quality of discussion. The development company is Russian, and that entails I think, different standards than people are used to. The whole world politics angle makes things even more tense. For example, world flag decals used to be free, and now require premium currency, because players with Ukranian, American, or Israeli flag emblems were being teamkilled too frequently. Or debates over just exactly what russia did to its own people during WWII.

Today they made a change that blocks anyone from posting who hasn't played 3 games in the most recent week. So there is another uproar about that. 

My feeling is that yes, they get a lot of baseless angry criticism. But so does everyone. Talk to anyone who works at a call center for any product, company, or service. There will always be people for whom the malfunction of your product is the last straw in a terrible day. My question is, why have people in videogaming utterly failed to realize this and adapt? 

On the other hand, the company, Gaijin Entertainment, has done a lot of disrespectful things to the community. Lying about stats (they refuse to release any matchmaking statistics of any shape or form, when its pretty generally understood specific matchups are almost never won by a particular side), ratcheting up the grind by reducing rewards, replacing the daily double points with a ""booster"" system that encourages gambling on crate opening, introducing more and more expensive premium vehicles. The most recent addition was a sherman caliope which costs 50$ of real money, and carries 64 rockets, each one of which can one hit just about any tank in the game.

So basically I feel developers use the angry, unhelpful criticism, as an excuse to ignore the angry, helpful criticism and feel justified in using it. 


"
"First time I've seen Helsinki on any timetable. Usually it's some other city on the same timezone.

Have they put out any stream info yet? Assuming IGN and Gamespot will be at least doing their streams like every other year."
He's being positive. This is just how he talks. He means people would have gone nuts over the gore and violence. 
"Are you talking about Geralt's hair with the ponytail? You know you can change hair styles, right? I'm pretty sure the game has hair physics even with HairWorks off."
These PSN sales are getting out of control. I never bought anything from PSN for years at a time and now I find myself buying stuff left and right. 
"&gt;Is there a growing problem with game-specific subreddits devolving into soap boxes for the most vocal, unhappy players?

Growing? No. It's always been like this.

Problem? Yes and No.

game-specific? No. The issue has never been games-specific.

subreddits? No. This is not limited to subreddits. It's not even limited to the internet.

---

People are less inclined to comment/remember/vocalize a negative experience over a positive one. ^[[X]](https://www.google.com.ph/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=people%20remeber%20negative%20over%20positive)

Confirmation bias. ^[[X]](https://www.google.com.ph/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=Confirmation+bias.+)

---

It's simply the nature of people to complain(rather than praise) and they also tend to seek like minded people. So you eventually end up with a group of people expressing their negative experience with each other. An echo chamber of complaints and negativity.

Again, this is way beyond games, reddit, or the internet.

Think of entities like Fox News. Think about conspiracy theorists. Think about mobs.

Gather a group of people together and you loose the individual and get the hive mind."
You don't need to say their first names because there's no one else in the industry with their surname. 
WoW vanilla still have an active community. There's loads of F2P servers that replicate those that used to exist back in 04/05/06
Interesting that Bethesda is first. If they announce fallout 4 and they're the first news of the conference that game's going to have such a ridiculous amount of hype.
"Sorry, but r/dragonage is one of the nicest subreddits I've come across. It is for people who enjoy/love the DA games and not for endless criticism like r/games. I like that there's a place where I can discuss what I like about DA and not have to hear the same stupid argument  about fetch quests over and over again."
"Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance still has an incredible following, so that's nice.

I wish Savage was still popular, it was a blast. "
"Freespace 2. The source code project is amazing and still going strong, spawning even entirely new games like Diaspora while doing all sorts of amazing things to both FS1 and FS2."
"Still with Gamecubes and Wiis. So many Wiis were sold that it's still super easy to get one, you just have to make sure that it's one of the older ones with GC ports. GC controllers have been in continuous production since 2001, so they're very easy to get (brand new official controllers sell for $25). The hardest part are Melee discs. These haven't been produced in years, so they fetch a premium these days. I think they're like $70+ on eBay if you don't already have one. An alternative if you have a Wii is to hack it so you can load ISOs off a USB drive. The last component you need is a CRT. Melee (and 64 and Brawl) doesn't play well on HDTVs, so you want to have a CRT. Fortunately you can still get this for as low as free on Craigslist or at Goodwill.

If this is too much, or you want something more portable, you can also play on Dolphin. A Dolphin setup isn't tournament legal, but if you've got a good CPU it works *very* well. In this case you'll just need controllers and a GC-to-USB adapter, the official Wii U adapter or one of the Mayflash 4 port adapters work best. Dolphin also supports netplay, if you don't have anyone nearby to play with. It's a little bit laggy, but not bad and still very playable."
Every at Sunday at 7:30 AEST there are about 10 Australian players who play a couple of games. Not thriving but it is still there.
Transport Tycoon is the game that doesn't die. The community is constantly active and the mods they've made can be considered nuts. Check out the wiki for advanced track designs. These people have essentially squeezed every drop of optimisation out of that game. It's quite amazing.
"Man that original shot had me sooooo hyped. I thought we were finally pushing the boundaries again.

It will still be a good game, just... god what I would give to see it done right. I just thank god it doesn't have the cartoon feel of Dragon Age."
"They posted an announcement. They're still on version 3.4.3, the same version they've been on since 2003."
"I don't think you understand how visual degradation in 3d applications really works. It's possible to double the performance with only slight fidelity loss, it's all about how and when the extra visual effects are used."
"Something on Cartoon Hangover... That isn't an Adventure Time ripoff? Its a miracle!

Seriously though, this is both unexpected and really awesome. I haven't played Costume Quest before but I think this is indication that I need to."
"Well, it's true - you don't just ""magically"" optimize the game to run at the same graphics while using so little VRAM. VRAM is there for basically one reason, and if so little of it is being used it pretty much does confirm that the graphics were downgraded and it's far from 'cutting edge'"
"&gt;Then you have people like me, who just want to enjoy the parts I enjoy, and dislike and critique the parts I don't.

And depending on whichever you happen to be doing at the time, you're either being tossed into the camp of being a fanboy or being tossed into the camp of being part of the""loud, complaining hater"" crowd.

"
"Dark Souls 2 has the same problem, but in reverse. Say anything remotely positive about it, and people jump all over you for daring to enjoy it."
"It isn't, and neither is Bravest Warriors (funnily enough), but damn near everything else is. The most guilty would be Manly, a short that was random for no reason, tried to incorperate 'the feels' and half baked character development **in the pilot episode** and had a god awful music number at the end. Basically, it did everything Adventure Time does well and misses the point entirely, not to mention it tried to do it in the space of 10 minutes. 

I don't have an opinion of Bee and Puppycat seeing as I haven't watched it, so I'm not going to pass judgement on it, but I feel other than that, everything on CH could be good but either wants to rip off Adventure Time or focuses on the wrong things in general. I mean, look at Bravest Warriors: They have this amazing story they're foreshadowing, characters that are very likeable, a good sense of humour, and the freedom to not be censored by TV execs from the likes of CN and Nickelodeon, and what do they do? **SHOVE CATBUG DOWN OUR THROATS NONSTOP 24/7.** Catbug was a completely ok character until they decided to put him in *every fucking episode* just to look cute and add nothing to the plot. Whole episodes aren't dedicated to the story but are rather dedicated to some little turd that is easy to make merchandise out of. I expect better from the man behind Adventure Time but at this point I don't even know what to think of anything.

Sorry I got a bit ranty. I just want to see good animation.

**tl;dr:** Bee and Puppycat seems to be the only truly worthwhile series on CH, Bravest Warriors has potential but **that fucking catbug I swear to god**, everything else (from what I've seen) is ripping off Adventure Time."
"Those are pretty common, valid complaints. In my experience those issues are obvious to Dark Souls 1 fans - we just find most of them pretty easy to overlook when you take the rest of the game into account."
"But those are all forks, not the original game. I'm glad that they exist, and that someone is working on the game, because the dev team sure isn't, but you can't say ""Nethack is still updated"" when it's only unofficial forks being updated. You wouldn't say ""Doom is still updated"" just because there are source ports and mods being updated."
"For me the problem is that people go from forum to forum expecting the next one to be 'the one', the place of perfect discussions for some unstated reason. 

""Ooh, reddit has karma voting, that means the best stuff will rise and the trash will get buried"", nope, it means people will be the same assholes they are on any other forum with another toy to play with. So much of the voting on reddit just seems bizarre. It's like the phrase you often see ""when you think everyone you meet is an asshole, maybe you're the asshole"", people are a problem.

&gt;I love Dragon Age and the Witcher and have been subbed to their respective subreddits for months. I've made 0 posts.

On that topic, I see not wanting to participate as a warning sign of a poor community. When you have something you want to say and there's no approach that'll let you say it without feeling like you're going to be attacked rather than discussing what you said, then it's not great."
"Calling it now, liking video games again is gonna be the new trend.

This current fad of hating everything is so over."
"God, I wish people would stop posting this video.

Every time I start to heal, you just go and break my heart again."
I don't know why you think you're some special snowflake.  You just posted the top six complaints about Dark Souls 1.
"&gt; Is there a growing problem with game-specific subreddits devolving into soap boxes for the most vocal, unhappy players?

Sure, simply because *happy* players are off playing games.

To quote comic book guy from the Simpsons: ""*I can assure you that within minutes I was on the internet telling the world of my displeasure*""..."
"And it's not just game-specific subreddits either, it's this one and neogaf and places like that too. 

We have a lot of squeaky wheels, and when you keep reading those opinions, you start to just mentally assume it's true and you repeat them as fact. 

I was chatting to some gamer at work the other day, and in the space of about 15 minutes talking he'd repeated 3 things I'd seen held as popular opinions on this subreddit. I refuted 2 of them and explained why they are the way they are, but I imagine it meant nothing to him. He'll believe what he keeps reading online"
"You literally just posted the most popular complaints we see in /r/darksouls. People may call the game a masterpiece, but they're not blind or ignorant. The flaws the game has are obvious.

That being said, your 5th point is made irrelevant by the existence of the DLC. Nothing in the vanilla game comes close to the DLC in terms of challenge."
"It's impressive this game came out in 1996. Basically the 3D open world's of post-GTA3, but 5 years earlier."
"OpenTTD, *the* expansion mod for it that everyone uses today. It's pretty crazy that the game hasgained popularity in recent years."
"The HonorBuddy forums are hilarious. 
One of my faves:

 &gt; ""because blizzard is ""the man"" they are no different than the US government in my eyes and anything I can do to go against them is what I will do, I don't like their business practices of ""pay me money and I can do anything I want with your computer"" and I don't like their rules of ""we can do what we want even if you pay us, your account is for rent, you never own it"" Blizzard is like walmart and HB is like the mom and pop store that they are running out of business. I talk to devs on hb, blizz employees give little to no personalized comments, most are just pre-recorded messages they give to everyone. """
"Even better, SC 2000 acted as a map editor that was pretty powerful for the time. Sometimes I feel added graphic fidelity has resulted in some steps backwards in functionality."
"At launch that subreddit would swing wildly back and forth between love and hate, but I think now everyone who hated the game stop playing and no longer has a reason to visit the sub. "
I think this is the real problem. People have a hard time differentiating criticism from hate on the Internet. 
"There's still people playing Worms Armageddon (1999), the best Worms.



And I'd be surprised if people weren't still playing SubSpace Continuum (1997)


I played both of these online on a 200MHz Pentium computer."
"They also apparently didn't have time to fix the game breaking durability bug that lasted a year and 1 month and was only fixed by a random modder who was completely unrelated to From Software. 

People give From Software way too much leeway with their fuckups. And their seemingly complete lack of fucks. 

Edit: [Demonstration](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SY8C5AqkHe0) bug is due to the fact that PC has double or more the framerate so as demonstrated in the video. It takes 25 hits for the sword to get into danger zone and only 11 hits on the PC version. "
"It's probably due to the fact that if there's a bunch of people cursing and just generally being unreasonable pricks while complaining about something, if you come along and complain about the same thing in a much more calm and collected manor, you're suddenly lumped in with the vitriolic group."
"It's been less than 4 years since Skyrim, and coming up on 7 years for Fallout (if we're counting Bethesda developed ones)... Fallout is long overdue, Elder Scrolls will be next year or the year after (next year wouldn't be a bad bet, as they probably have a next-gen engine they want to use). "
"See, but why does it bother you so much hearing someone complain about fetch quests? There shouldn't be so much angst about people disliking something and being vocal about it. It's one thing when a forum is overrun with post after post about the same topic (mods should be preventing this). But if you have 20 posts on one page, and two of them are repeating the same complaints you've heard before, how is that really deteriorating your experience on that forum?"
I also think that's just another symptom. It's far too easy to write something that sounds much more vitriolic than you meant it to. People on reddit really like to swear and that carries over into reviews or criticism of any kind not just video games. I think a lot of people who have relatively minor problems with a game will write it as if they were outraged because of the culture surrounding Internet discussion. Then as miscommunication and overreactions continue the community slowly becomes more and more fanatical on both sides. Of course this is all coming out of my ass I could be wrong but it's what I see.
"What /r/witcher has turned into has really disappointed me. Before the whole downgrade thing, the place was more civil than most. We could discuss the upsides and downsides of both games and not have it ever turn hostile. But now, it seems like a quarter or so of the posts are people making a point that the downgrade happened, even though nearly everybody acknowledges it."
"I loved this game, but in my youth I don't think I actually ever played it normally. I remember there being some weird speed cheat that would turn you into a dog and you'd run super fast and be able to run over buildings and shit, I used that a lot. This was a lot of neat information I'd never seen about one of the first big games of my childhood, thanks! Bums me out to see what has become of Maxis, but oh well."
"It's the normal cycle of every subreddit.

When a game is announced, lots of people flood to the new subreddit but most of them leave because there is simply not a lot to discuss about.

In the end, you're left with people who are really interested in the game (at least enough to participate in an empty subreddit) and if moderators do their job, it's pretty cool .... until the game gets released and things get out of hand."
"I think people just want to wail. 

Even though they know there's often little to accomplish by noise, or that if they're unsatisfied GOG has it's [30 day money back guarantee](http://www.gog.com/support/website_help/money_back_guarantee), or on steam where [you can refund preorders](https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=6345-QIDX-7244). They don't particularly want to do something that'll make them happier, they just want to feel like they're doing something in the most slacktivist way possible.

There's certainly little to accomplish by stating the same thing over and over in a confrontational way. And then they wonder why developers go into bunker mode with dry PR releases."
Yes. The journey far outweighs the destination. You have so many people to meet and so many aliens to slaughter!
"If this applies to floors its much needed. Too many times I hear shots, look around, only to have them in another floor."
"They're the ones that funded its creation. Why is this even a question for you? If they don't think it's worth the effort to sell it then they're not going to. Hell, they may not have enough documentation on it to make it sellable. Either way, it's their product, they can do what they want with it. It's not like it's a cure for an incurable medical disease, they're not morally obligated to make use of it."
"That's an incredibly subjective thing. There is no denying that Dota 2 is a competitive game though, and a really popular one at that. Denying that is just being foolish."
"Are you serious? I'm no fan of GTA but the mechanics in Watch Dogs are horrible. Weightless contextual melee, flaccid guns, bumper car driving, etc. "
I don't understand your logic at all. So people can't discuss their disappointments because the game gets enough crap? If only positive discussion is allowed then you're better off closing the subreddit; what's the point of it if it's just an echo chamber 
"Age of Empires II. Relatively recently it had a successful HD re-release and a new expansion pack, with another one on the way."
There's never quite been a game like SimCopter since it came out. Guess I'll have to wait to scratch that itch.
"/r/dragonage is a pretty nice subreddit to hang out in, though. Negative/angry/whining posts tend to get buried pretty fast and what rises is usually the positive/funny/helpful community talk."
"I'm gonna have to say that mechanically is where the game fails for me. I never expected anything out of the story nor characters in the first place. Gun play is ok, nothing out of the ordinary. Driving is ***terrible***, stealth is good though. Never finished the game because it was just too bad, but if you want an open world game, I recommend Sleeping Dogs instead"
I can't wait for the eventual 2+ year wait for many of the seemingly playable titles that'll be graphically downgraded months before launch. 
"The spoilers are very minor. Nothing too crazy happens as it's only the first hour and a halfish of the game. You'll see the cutscenes and intro movie, etc... This is the first time they've even tried playing it, if I understood them correctly. I just threw that into the title to avoid getting yelled at by people who are not excellent at common sense."
"Now to clean out 33 gigs of stuff...

Edit: In case anyone sees this - the Mass Effect games are separate downloads so you don't need all that space at once."
"It has. I'm frustrated that graphics has taken priority over stability and functionality. I would much rather we pause our progress in graphical fidelity and instead focus on making game worlds with fewer glitches and more features. In five years instead of seeing GTA VI that *looks* even better than V, I would much prefer to see the same graphics but with all buildings enter able, or something."
"Going to second the sleeping dogs recommendation, that game was bloody amazing.

But what did you find bad about the driving in Watch Dogs? I thought it was good, or at least fun. "
yeah buildings that actually do something besides the few exceptions is the one thing i was missing from gta 5 too... but let's see what modders come up with. If they can build something like Altis Life they can do a lot with GTA :)
I never understand how these things are done in real-time. Aren't raycasts like really intensive on resources?
I can't speak for Manatee but for me at least it was the insane revving of the car that made it terrible. I play on PC so you don't get the several actuation points but even driving with a controller the game assumes you want to be going at break neck speed in a parking lot when backing out. 
So is the idea of this more something where DICE can toy around with new tech for their next game(s)? Or are they that super excited about a 2(?) year old game that they are just dying to cram in more features?
"Anyone can share opinion on how the game turned out? I remembered watching the pitch video and the concept seemed quite interesting, but I didn't really follow the development."
"I think the most disappointing thing for me about Watch Dogs was the AI.  

The E3 trailers had made it sound like the AI would be very reactive to everything you do.  I recall there being this scene in an E3 trailer where you cause a car accident which kills the driver in a car and the passenger sitting next to the driver starts crying and get's really upset and it being this emotionally filled sequence that sounded like it could erupt at any time and made it seem like your actions could really have this horrible affect on peoples lives.  But the actual game didn't have anything like that and if it did then it was *just* that slice of an instance and not representative of how the AI would actually react.  

There's also that scene where the cops are looking for Aiden, they finally corner him, pull their guns out and circle him before Aiden knocks the lights out and runs.  When I played the game, the AI was never trying to apprehend me.  They were shooting to kill pretty much always.  And I also recall there being a scene from the E3 trailer where the AI cops are in their patrol mode and are looking up and down alley ways searching for Aiden and at one point, the player in the trailer gets into a situation where he's behind the patroling cop car, turns his headlights off and follows him by creeping behind him.  When I played Watch Dogs, the AI never did this slow, deliberate patroling.  When they were in patrol mode for me, they were gunning it, pedal to the metal up and down streets and they were ""suspiciously"" turning onto the street that just so happens to intersect with the one I was on.  

I'm not saying this stuff from the trailers didn't exist, I'm sure they are there, but I just think it was manipulative of them to script out these scenes and present them as if it'd be these emergent scenarios through player actions rather than these scripted events that they clearly made for the E3 event.  It's interesting too because Rockstar didn't boast about their AI but GTA 5 actually does cop AI a lot better.  Just the other day I was playing GTA Online with some friends and we had this amazing scenario where the cops were on us, we turned a corner then immediately turned into an alley before the cops could see us turn into it and the cops actually took the corner and drove past because they didn't see us go into the alley.  We then promptly ditched our car, grabbed a different car and drove out slowly and lost the cops just by being cunning rather than gunning it up and down streets and playing the mini-map game."
"These days you can run a few hundred raycasts per frame without much trouble. Bear in mind they may well be doing a higher level raycast first against blocky occluders to limit the number of full detail rays they need. 

I was curious that it looked like a stochastic sampling though, I've considered doing the same for other applications. "
The video is the first hour and thirty minutes of the game. So basically the tutorial area and the first mission in the game.
"Mix of both really. They stated that fixes made in CTE can and probably will make it into their next game but they are also working on things only for BF4 like Four new maps, Five new guns, and a new game mode all for free! No premium required."
"As much as I'd like to watch this I'm avoiding any and all spoilers, I skipped through a bit for some gameplay and was happy to see they didn't suck nearly as much as some of the other people I've seen play the game, at least they look like they've played the witcher games before."
Obligatory invitation to /r/openttd.  There are several Redditor run severs running different versions of OpenTTD and people in chat to help you learn the ropes.
The people behind Cities Skylines should make a helicopter sim game that you can fly around in the cities that you built.
Valve should watch this and take notes (CS:GO is more popular than BF4; yet sound in it is trash). Dice did awesome job with new audio and I really appreciate the work they are putting in development of the game. Not many developers of AAA games decide to support their games with new features so long after the release. 
The sound *quality* was fantastic. The people who went out and recorded the sounds did a fantastic job. The way they were implemented in the game was lackluster.
"DICE Stockholm was pressured to release a game before being ready, and they gave it to the smaller studio while they focus on other main projects. 

They are definitely not incompetent."
"Twitch got bored of banning people streaming this, so you can see all the gameplay you want in their [directory](http://www.twitch.tv/directory/game/The%20Witcher%203:%20Wild%20Hunt)."
"LOL. That's a good one.

I like this one:

""shit on blizzard

they didnt know that wow that HB doesnt worth it

we injoy just becouse we use HB,

how cam we level from 1-100 thats take eggs and and we had a life

i am just want to know HB will back or just go find some other game i go waste my time with? any other game advice me to go"""
"One of the guys from the Interstellar marines devteam made [this](http://www.interstellarmarines.com/articles/development/audio-occlusion-first-prototype/) little protoype a while back. I doubt it uses raytraced audio, but it does provide a basic proof-of-concept. Pretty cool.

I feel audio is something that is due for a big upgrade. Everything is always about graphics, but that is only half of the package. I reckon it could make a massive improvement to games.

I'd love to try out a game that uses new techniques to improve the auditory experience. Hopefully that raytracing method can be utilised sometime soon!"
"If you already played GTA V and experienced Los Santos; hell, no. Chicago feels like a soulless hollywood set, while GTA V offers you a realistic/breathing city. The driving mechanics are terrible and it makes absolutely no fun to explore the map as everything feels really static. Its the typical *Ubisoft world* - created with the same formula as in Assassins Creed or Far Cry."
"I feel like they're doing as sort of a practice for their future games. 

I don't think BF4 still makes that much money anymore, so I can't really think of a reason for them to do it. "
"DICE proper has had top notch sound tech in most of their games for a long time. Them, Bungie, and Visceral have competed as the best in the biz since Bad Company 1. "
"No, it's mostly people with early retail copies of the console versions. Happens all the time.

But yes, reviewers and whatnot did also get early copies."
"lots of stores are already selling the console versions, because it doesn't have any protection, unlike the pc one."
"I have been busy for a few months so I have not played recently, but I really enjoyed it when I tried it out. Combat is mechanically interesting. Breeding your aging soldiers to make the next generation of soldiers, either with better stats or with new classes, is pretty novel. At the time I played it it was far from being ""perfect"", but I don't really think its reasonable to expect any game to be ""perfect"". It was fun."
"Tons of people still play on all consoles:

http://bf4stats.com/

So if they aren't getting more money atleast they are doing something nice for the people still playing. "
"Is the gameplay actually fun now? I want to love the story, but even on easy mode the fighting was too much of a hindrance to me. "
"It's not just the pc version, anyone who preloaded digitally on any platform has to wait until it unlocks"
It's ~~been~~ being described as a more polished version of The Witcher 2's combat. A bit faster and encourages a higher variety of sign use. If you enjoyed The Witcher 2 but found the combat a bit stale you *may* enjoy it now.
"Just noticed the administrator is Spaff, he used to be the Community Manager for Media Molecule. Didn't know he left!

This game has come on leaps and bounds by the look of it, in a very short amount of time too! Last time I saw it on a livestream I can remember it being full of placeholder assets etc. "
"So one misstep occurring after deadlines were shoved down their throats and they're incompetent?

Then by your logic DICE LA is even worse since they're mostly Danger Close renamed, the studio that made the last Medal of Honor, and we can agree this game was much worse than BF4 ever was.

No, you can't just make sweeping statement on something you know little about. It's a tremendous lack of respect towards developers. DICE Stockholm is a great AAA studio, and DICE LA is really admirably taking on the support for BF4, none of them are incompetent. Think of the people you're insulting before selfishly stating stuff like that."
"Yup.

The battle.net forums, WoW forums, MMO-champ forums, and /r/wow are exceptionally good examples of this.

Blizzard releases a new raid? WHY DON'T THEY FOCUS ON BOTS AND CASUAL CONTENT?

Blizzard bans bots? OH MY GOD DID WE LOSE A RAID BECAUSE OF THIS?

Blizzard puts a new mount on the RMT shop for charity? WHY DON'T THEY PUT REAL CONTENT IN THE GAME!?

Blizzard releases an expansion with new content? OH MY GOD THERE IS NOTHING TO DO!!!

Blizzard thanks the playerbase for being awesome? WOW WAY TO BE CONDESCENDING, ASSHOLES. FUCK BLIZZARD!

Blizzard says they are ""working on fixes""? BLIZZARD NEVER DOES ANYTHING, ***I BET I CAN RUN AN MMO BETTER THAN THEM!1!11!***

That bolded part is repeated so much it's hilarious and comical."
"DICE games have always had the best audio technology I've heard in games.  Gunfights in BFBC2 and newer were always so intense because of the audio, and falling off a building in Mirror's Edge was always a surprisingly vivid audio experience."
W2 had a pretty solid combat system.  It's far from standard hsck and slash in higher difficulties because you die in very few hits.
I wish they had kept the sword styles from the first game. I thought it was a pretty unique elements even if the whole rhythm game got tedious. 
"&gt;I'd say the most popular is Brutal Doom

Say that to other Doom modders. The Doom community HATES Brutal Doom and its creator, largely because Brutal Doom gets all the attention, while there are much better mods out there that get none at all, and the creator of the mod is kind of an ass. That said, I do think Brutal Doom is fun, but I'm kinda burnt out on it, personally.

What mods for Doom would I recommend? [Demon Steele](http://forum.zdoom.org/viewtopic.php?f=19&amp;t=46787) is one of my all time favorites, it's a combination of 80s/90s anime and metal music, starring a South Korean otaku, with fast paced ""Cuhrayzee"" hack and slash gameplay. The creator even got a voice actor to play the player character.

Another fun one is [Doom: The Golden Souls](http://forum.zdoom.org/viewtopic.php?f=19&amp;t=35135) which turns Doom into a Mario 64-esque collectathon platformer, with the bright and colorful appearance you would come to expect from a mario game, complete with custom enemies and weapons. It also has [a sequel](http://forum.zdoom.org/viewtopic.php?f=19&amp;t=47574) that's still a work in progress!

And last but not least, [The Trailblazer](http://forum.zdoom.org/viewtopic.php?f=19&amp;t=35135), a custom weapon mod inspired by 80's action flicks."
"I got this for PS4 and loved it. It's silly, wacky fun that got more than a few laughs out of me, wrapped around a beat-em-up that starts off difficult and becomes trivial, part through skill and part through gear. Glad to see more people can play it now, it's a really unique little gem."
They even said they'd do a proper quick look later in the week but wanted to throw up their very first time with the game. 
"Absolutely don't trust the pitch video. Game of Thrones, XCOM, and Final Fantasy Tactics were all gamedropped (source: [1](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/doublefine/double-fines-massive-chalice/video_share) [2](http://www.giantbomb.com/massive-chalice/3030-42775/forums/double-fine-returns-to-kickstarter-with-massive-ch-1438643/) [3](http://blog.massivechalice.com/post/58170736280/brad-john-and-ben-burbank-turn-their-eyes-to-one)) in the Kickstarter campaign and Massive Chalice can only be described to be similar to one of them, XCOM. You command various humans to wage grid-based tactical battles against generic demon enemies (""Cadence"") that are functionally equivalent to aliens invading earth.

**There's no inter-human or geopolitical drama like what drives FFT &amp; ASOIAF forward.** In fact, Doublefine specifically said that they didn't want to involve human vs. human conflict because they as a company are averse to promoting realistic violence in video games (i.e. not the abstract kind that involves boogeymen like demons or aliens or zombies). That's what rubs me. I don't care if they maintain that philosophy of course, but invoking the name of a game that looks like [this](http://i.imgur.com/OAaJSov.png) or a TV/book series that looks like [this](https://youtu.be/6muxCCsQk44) in order to secure funding and then saying ""oh haha, did you think we were going to have human conflict in this game?"" after the funding campaign ends is absolutely unacceptable. 

It either indicates incompetence (not knowing what drives conflict or plot in their inspirations) or deception (knowing full well but invoking them anyway). I can't assign malice to their intent, but I sure as hell can be disappointed in them. This is generally why referring to other people's IP is in bad style when making a Kickstarter campaign. "
"&gt;For some reason after playing Dark Souls, standard hack and slash like this loses its charm quickly. 

This statement seems really backwards to me. I could never get into Dark Souls because I absolutely hated the combat. Everything from the overbearing stamina system to the enemies feeling mechanical in their attack patterns just sucked out all the fun.

I prefer games with combat that feels more fluid. Games like Fable II and Fable III, while a bit on the easy side had great controls. Kingdoms of Amalur too.  "
"The Witcher is a story about Geralt of Rivia. ""The Witcher"" title refers to Geralt. Geralt is an established character from the books the games are based on. So no, you're not mistaken, The Witcher games aren't the kind of ""choose your character and path"" type of RPGs. They're expressly about Geralt, his story, and the people and events around him."
"I don't think its backwards, just a matter of preferences. The games you cited like Fable(s) and KoA just lack any kind of weight if memory serves me right. Makes up with fluidity of course, but neither is inherently better, I think."
Was it really THAT detailed? I would have thought that shrinking the city so much to fit it in the game wouldn't have left much room for minute details like individual streets.
"&gt; Its the typical Ubisoft world - created with the same formula as in Assassins Creed or Far Cry.

Far Cry 3 felt like a world that was alive and dangerous. I'd say that game was pretty great, AC: Black Flag also has a great feeling to it, feels like a big unexplored world, but everything done by Ubisoft after AC Brotherhood has been very bland and boring (except the ones mentioned above), and it's a shame, because the artists are very talented"
"https://youtu.be/VzhZl6NihKg?t=47m16s

Oh god, a lovely, hilarious bug.

EDIT. Beat this, Skyrim horse.

EDIT2. For those who didn't spot it:

http://i.imgur.com/3trXgpe.png

http://i.imgur.com/ubby0nG.gif"
"No because no one has it, at least according to PC Gamer.

&gt;While review copies of The Witcher 3 were sent out for the PlayStation 4 more than a week ago, PC code is still missing in action, despite being pre-loadable on Steam. Bandai Namco tells us that this is because a big day-one patch hasn't been finalised on PC in time for today's review embargo, but will be ready for worldwide release next Tuesday.

"
"What I thought was most interesting and unique about the game was how the generation management aspect (aging and experience alongside family lines) clearly influenced enemy types in the game. There are enemies that age a hero when they attack, or take away experience, so that their presence on the battlefield extended even off of the mission. I've even had someone die of old age during the battle because a Wrinkler (the aging enemy) attacked an older hero that I decided could go for one last run. Even though she didn't run out of health, she ran out of time.

I will say I found the experience sapping enemies the most annoying, as they would even drain a level from your heroes if you got hit, even if you were at max level and couldn't get any more experience to pad your level. What made this extra painful for me was I had an elite team of snipers that had the ""Kill an enemy, get attack boost"" max level perk. If they got hit by one of the sappers they would lose their level and consequently their attack bonus from all of the kills they made that mission. Just felt too punishing in that single, specific instance, but I felt that level loss upon being hit was a bit much in general."
"The idea of different fighting styles/weapons for different enemies has worked in other more fighting/action focused games, ex. Heavenly Sword. "
Putting all the settings at low on a 980 or any other card results in the same look. The only difference would be frame rate.
"A lot of people are going to say yes, and BB is a fine game and a good souls experience. But the online play is implemented poorly compared to DkS1&amp;2 I would say wait for the console to drop in price to play it because you won't miss much by waiting.

My favorite is Demon's Souls and I bought it 5 years after it came out for around 150$ for a Ps3 and the game."
"I'm willing to bet your first one is going to be your favorite. No matter which one is your first. Atleast for a majority of people I find this to be true. 


As for how Bloodborne compares to the rest of the series. It's great and if you like the souls games then you should play it absolutely 100%. I got the platinum and consider it the best game of the series but Dark Souls 1 is my favorite because it was my first. Demon's Souls is also fantastic and you should play it."
"well, it may be cool to hate ubisoft now, but they've really done nothing to improve. And the people haven't done anything either, Ubisoft has never listened to the fans, and all they see are numbers, if people keep buying them, they don't care if the game was hated or not. Ubisoft has talented artists, but terrible developers. It's mind blowing how they still haven't been able to make a good PC game"
"Witcher isnt really hack n slash unless you play on easy.
Enemies will block you or counter if you keep wailing on them.

Witcher combat = attack twice, then (roll, use a sign, wait to counter attack), then repeat.

Dark Souls combat = attack twice, then (roll, block, wait to counter attack), then repeat

DS combat is definitely way more responsive than witcher 2 though."
"The Witcher series was never about the ""masteries"" of swordplay. Witcher difficulty comes from combat preparation. On the hard difficulties you need to buy books about the enemies, read the lore and listen to NPCs who talk about different types of monsters. You need to have the right traps set up, the right bombs, the right oils and the right combination of potions (since you can't just drink them all pre-fight due to Toxicity level). It was very interesting and some times required dying in a fight to know what doesn't work. ""Oh, I need a lot more Vigor for this fight, so I'll remove this one potion and put in this other that increases my in combat vigor regeneration"" as an example. "
"It hurt to upvote you. I LOVE Bravest Warriors, and Catbug is fun in moderation. I think the biggest problem is that the fans are turning this into a Doctor Who scenario, where the fun elements are being pushed too hard to the point of tedium. Too much Timey Wimey, too much Catbug... Where does it end?"
"Uh, do they explicitly say the bloody human-on-human violence of those two properties was their inspiration? There's a lot more to FFT and ASOIAF than blood and guts. I think FFT is an inspiration for pretty much any grid-based TRPG, and the themes of lineage, heritage, and legacy in ASOIAF certainly seem to have inspired the generational mechanics in Massive Chalice."
Lol I actually remember the kissing dudes. Never gave it a second thought. The game was strange already and it didn't really stand out haha.
"I wouldn't say that there was absolutely no political drama in the game. There were a few times in my playthrough where an event popped up that said ""Hey, looks like your sworn trainer has had an affair with this countess over here. What do?"" Then made you choose what to do with the baby's and the trainer's fate. 

Not exactly high drama a la Game of Thrones, but not nothing."
"I played it when they released it to backers. If you like XCOM, you'll probably enjoy it a good bit. The only thing is at the initial release, I remember there being a MASSIVE difficulty jump after a 4 or 5 missions.

Supposedly this final version addresses some of the difficulty concerns, so I'd say wait for release day to see how that shakes out if you're interested."
Now just replace Blizzard with any game company and WoW with any game and you describe most of the discussion on any game forum.
"Frostbite. Frostbite is EA's engine of choice for the next generation of AAA games.  
Anything added to battlefield 4, is added to Frostbite - and thus to a lot of games."
"Not saying the mods' actions were appropriate, but Lewis kinda brought it on himself by being a massive twat and carrying on a personal vendetta with the mods. Even after his reddit account was banned from the sub he continued using his Twitter to brigade comments he didn't like. I can't really blame the mods for snapping with all the shit that dude pulls."
"/r/vita has the same problem. Since it's the less popular handheld, there are a lot of posts about how the Vita is so great and amazing. Every time someone makes a thread about wanting to get a Vita, there are always at least 40 replies in the first hour. 

Don't get me wrong, I love the Vita, but the community seems to have the constant need to validate their purchase. "
"we do but... arcade machines also sucked.

no seriously, they did. why were they good at the time? think about it. usually they gave an experience you couldnt get at home, either through better technology or through gimmicks like racing wheels and seats or full sized lightguns. thats why they were worth paying for, because they were a different experience. once that ceased being the case (arcade ports got better to the point you couldnt tell the difference, racing wheels/lightguns became available for home use etc), arcades well kinda died off for the most part.

freemium games are not a different experience, there are perfectly functional regular games that do what freemium does, except they have a less awful business model attached to them. there is no real advantage to freemium for core gamers, since freemium usually compromises the game mechanics and pacing to make money."
"Not really.  
If you're raytracing an entire scene, ie trying to render a reflection, then it's extremely intensive.  
This is literally just raycasting nearby players to check line of sight though.

I'd actually be surprised if no other game had implemented something like this before."
"God, I hope by ""big"" they don't mean ""you'll have to wait another day to play because of your crappy internet""-big."
"Dark Souls is definitely my favorite. Got me through some rough times, and I can recite almost all the lore from beginning to end.Bloodborne is a close second for me. I plowed through Dark Souls in a soul level 1 run through with ~40 deaths and Bloodborne still kicked my ass in the beginning. I loved the lore and the setting of the game too, although I wished there were more weapons and arcane wasn't awful.Dark Souls 2 is a mixed bag for me. On its own, its a great game, and definitely has some memories. I love the weapon variation and a lot of the art direction. However, it has so many poor decisions here and there I can't believe it was properly tested. The hitboxes are awful and some enemies and bosses are mechanically unrefined. I still love it, but that mixed with the god awful pvp community put it at the bottom of my list.I haven't played Demon's Souls. Ps3s are still stupidly expensive."
Stop being a hitler and let him play what makes him happy. Why is your way of playing better than his?
"Please. Lewis is a lot of things but he's not stupid, he knew exactly what would happen when he linked his followers to the comments that he flamed on Twitter. I'm fairly certain he only stopped because the content ban was a wake-up call that hey, maybe you should stop slandering and shouting profanity at the people who run the community from which a large number of your hits come.

I don't disagree that it's overall bad for the users, but at the same time I'm not sure I would be able to sit back and take the unreal amount of shit Lewis flung at the moderator team week after week. Everyone has a breaking point."
"This battle intro... Knowing how popular Heroes of Might and Magic were and remain throughout Europe Central and Eastern, is anyone else inclined to think it was inspired by intro to HoMM III? 

The landing party investigating the battlefield, oscillating between then and now; I remember it well, and I'd be surprised if the people in CPR did not."
It would be great if they could properly realize sound dampening in building materials.  Someone walking above you should sound more bass heavy and not hear the higher pitch slap.  You don't hear people walking below you unless there is a clear avenue of sound travel like a stairwell.  All of this would be very difficult to implement I'd have to imagine.
"Seems like you're applying way more weight to those properties they reference than intended. Based on the way the game is, it's pretty clear they were inspired by themes and mechanics from those series they namedrop."
And Valve has no reason to work on Source now that Source 2 is in late development and release is imminent. 
"Check out the ""value"" on the left side of the screen.  
With multiple rays, they're able to differentiate between a slightly obscured player and one that's entirely out of line of sight.

It's far more obvious with the helicopter.  
You can see that when he's stood in the doorway, about half of the rays hit the wall and half hit the player, giving him a value of ~22.  
When fully obstructed he has a value of ~42.  
When in direct line of sight, 0.

A single raycast per player would have an extremely low cost but wouldn't allow for pseudo-dynamic filtering."
"[**@XSEEDGames**](https://twitter.com/XSEEDGames/)

&gt; [2015-05-14 17:59 UTC](https://twitter.com/XSEEDGames/status/598910541667684353)

&gt; The PC version uses the PS4 version's enhanced graphics &amp; also includes its ""Visual Editor"" mode, so go nuts customizing Akihabara's look.

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)
"
"I was fortunate enough to be a beta tester for this game. I played it a lot for a week or two around October 2014 and a little more around December 2014.

Massive Chalice is a mix of god game with turn-based tactics. You play as an immortal monarch that has to lead your kingdom over the course of centuries. You raise up armies, establish and manage noble houses, research tech upgrades, and repel demon invasions. Eventually, the demons launch an all-out assault on the eponymous Massive Chalice, the magical, sentient artifact which is the source of your powers.

**Combat**

There are three basic classes. Caberjacks are tanks that get their name from the massive battering rams they fight with. Alchemists are melee skirmishers that carry flasks, which are essentially grenades with different utility features. Hunters are your long range specialists that strike from afar with crossbows. In January, Doublefine added hybrid classes that are combinations of all those main roles. You can create hybrids through the marriage system which I'll get into later.

Combat is a lot of fun, closer to X-Com than Shadowrun Returns. I hated SR's combat because it felt so vanilla. There wasn't much variety or practical difference in how you built your character. Melee guys hit stuff. Gun guys shoot stuff. Magic classes still shoot stuff but do it with magic. Shamans and Riggers just summon guys that shoot stuff.

But in Massive Chalice, all the classes bring something unique to the table. For example, Hunters can upgrade their bolts to pierce through targets and go invisible next to foliage. Caberjacks can cover a lot of ground by charging straight at their enemies and they can also slam them into each other for knockdowns. Alchemists can heal, block off movement, straight up damage, or harass enemies with their throwing flasks.

And you need to leverage those unique abilities because there's a variety of enemies that rock-paper-scissor your classes. For example, Ruptures do AOE damage when they die and Wrinkler attacks age your characters (will go into that later), so you want to take them out from range. Twitches can teleport so you want a Caberjack to charge in and stun them or an Alchemist to root them with flasks.

It feels very satisfying but one complaint I have is that Hunters are really, really strong, to the point where Alchemists felt worthless. After a couple hours, I pulled out my Alchemists altogether and ran 2 Caberjacks and 3 Hunters for all my missions. I destroyed everything. A big part of the problem is that Alchemists have no efficient ability to move around the map or defend themselves, so they're just not worth bringing most of the time when Hunters do massive damage from very far and Caberjacks can guard Hunters with slams and stuns.

**House System**

This is why Doublefine claimed ASOIAF (or Game of Thrones to the show fans) as an influence on the design.

Your kingdom is made up of a bunch of noble houses which are defined by the type of soldiers they provide you with. There are Caberjack houses, Alchemist houses, and Hunter houses. The people of these houses get married, have kids, and eventually grow old and die, so you're constantly working with new talent.

They also have different random traits. Some of your nobles have hearty builds (more max HP), some are gifted with great reflexes and great hand-eye coordination (higher Dexterity), some are puny (lower Strength), and some are quick learners (increase XP gain). Some are prone to producing sons and some are prone to producing daughters, while some are cursed with being unable to produce any children at all. These are all things that have a chance of being passed down onto their kids. Well, except for the infertility thing for obvious reasons.

But they also have personality traits that are unique to themselves. Some of them have sharp awareness, which allows them to dodge attacks better. Some of them are nervous and therefore more inaccurate with their attacks. Some are lone wolves that shine when they operate alone while others have natural leadership ability that inspires their comrades to fight better and harder.

Age is also a factor. Young soldiers have high Dexterity and fertility but lower Intuition and Intelligence. Middle aged soldiers are in their fighting prime, so they have higher HP and Strength. Old soldiers, you guessed it, have lower Dexterity and fertility but are also wiser and wilier than the young bucks. This also means your soldiers will eventually die of old age. That's why you want to keep them from getting hit by Wrinklers, who will age a soldier by several years with every successful attack.

This leads to some interesting gameplay decisions. You can create hybrid classes through interclass marriages. Once in a while, if the odds are in your favor, you'll have a superstar soldier who has very useful traits and personality bonuses. As this soldier gets older, you have to decide whether to keep putting them on the field or send them to the Crucible where they become instructors for the next generation of soldiers. The latter option deprives you of your finest warriors but gives you a more talented pool of fighters when the next generation comes of age.

There's also a bunch of random events. Sometimes a noble will ask to go on a quest, usually one that's a pretty good soldier or castle manager, and it can result in a nice reward or never hearing back from them again. If you're lucky, they'll return with a legendary heirloom. These special weapons can be passed down through the bloodline and they level up with constant combat. I had one extremely talented Hunter with a maxed out heirloom crossbow that could kill 5 mobs in a line with a single shot. Very satisfying feeling.

**Aesthetics and Feel**

It's Doublefine so the art is great and the writing is full of dry humor. They know they're using a lot of cheesy tropes and they have fun with it. No complaints in this department.

**Overall**

As I mentioned before, I don't like how powerful Hunters are and how pointless Alchemists feel. The enemy design also pushes players towards building long-range teams and discourages Alchemists, which is exacerbated by the fact that Alchemists don't have any abilities to close gaps between enemies or evade counterattacks. 

In my opinion, a possible solution would be to make Alchemists a mid-range class with some sort of shotgun weapon. That way their normal attacks bring something unique to the table (Caberjacks bash things, Hunters do long range with piercing damage, Alchemists do short ranged with spread damage) and they can't always escape safely, but they are also not so vulnerable to rushing enemies.

Also, the final battle felt boring and anti-climactic. Just ended up being a gauntlet defense. I always appreciate fighting some kind of Big Bad in these sorts of games, a central villainous individual or team you can have a final showdown with. In Massive Chalice's case, the finale was filled with the same demons you see from the beginning of the game, just a whole lot of them. Personally, I don't get much satisfaction fighting faceless hordes of enemies. I felt like I was preventing a natural disaster rather than defeating a hostile army.

And there's an Iron Man mode if you're into that sort of thing.

Even with how flawed the combat was, it still felt really satisfying. Getting a successful charge stun off on a Bulwark and killing 4 Lapses in a single, piercing crossbow shot feels great. I just reinstalled the game to play the latest version of the beta and I heard Doublefine was working hard on fixing these issues, so perhaps it won't be a complaint once the final product is out.

At $30 bucks, I'm not sure I could recommend this game to most people because I don't see much replay value in it. The map is always the same, there's no territories to conquer, and no multiple factions to beat and politic your way through, which is why it's hard to justify a second playthrough. However, I definitely felt I got my money's worth for my $15 dollar Kickstarter purchase. If you're willing to wait for a discount or you can pick up the game for $15, then I think it's well worth your money.

The combat is way better than Shadowrun at least, that's for sure, but Massive Chalice also doesn't have a narrative storyline and specific, fleshed out characters like Shadowrun does. Those of the aspects Shadowrun I enjoyed most and why I felt Returns and Dragonfall were worth picking up once they dropped in price."
"Yeah the game of thrones stuff doesn't have anything to do with political drama, or backstabbing or any if that, and it never did.

It's the whole idea of family houses, and bloodlines and such, which are very much in the game"
"Source engine was always capable of 3D spatialization.

https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Source_Engine_Features

EDIT: Ah, I finally found [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQt1jtDBNK4) I watched years ago."
"&gt; For some reason after playing Dark Souls, standard hack and slash like this loses its charm quickly.

The thing I dislike about this logic is that it seems to go against the idea of like, you know, variety. Dark Souls games are fun because they're sooo specific. I don't want every game to have Dark Souls combat. That's what Dark Souls is for. I'm not saying that I don't have issues with games like Assassin's Creed, because I do, that combat is pathetically easy, but you have to recognize that there's a time and place for Dark Souls combat. The thing about Dark Souls is that it's ALL combat, and so that's why the combat is so challenging and has all the weight and skill built into it. The Witcher has a massive, detailed and interactive world. There are more traditional RPG features in it that Dark Souls doesn't have. That sort of action and oppressive atmosphere would be out of place, but the style that they use which is inspired by Dark Souls suits the game just fine."
"Got this on the PS4 because it looked rediculous, and it is. Don't be fooled though, this game gets pretty challenging the further you progress and stripping vampires becomes life or death. 

The game has it's faults like combat being a bit wonky and a ton of loading screens but overall its a fun and unique experience."
"Honestly, aside from the obvious stuff like resolution and framerate, there's not a big difference. There definitely aren't any different shaders or other such effects in the PC version.

Seems like they've went for parity rather than a PC version and two lower versions."
"They didn't say it was a mechanic and they didn't mention that in the same sentence as the namedropped games at all. 

The direct quote from the Kickstarter is actually ""Feudal Fantasy"" which was probably mentioned only to set up the theme of the game. It's probably somewhat similar to medieval fantasy, having knights, castles and stuff.

They mentioned the three games:

&gt;We're inspired by classic tactical strategy games like X-COM, Final Fantasy Tactics, and Fire Emblem

One common thing thing in these three games are the turn based gameplay. There's no reason at all to assume that there will be inter human conflict.

&gt;as well as Game of Thrones’ **array of noble families**

Then they stated that Game of Thrones inspired their dynasty/bloodline mechanic. Nowhere did they hinted that political drama would be the main points of the game.

&gt;With these influences in mind we’re creating an epic, replayable turn-based tactics game where you **train generations of heroes to repel a demonic invasion.**

Then they stated clearly that the game will be about fighting demons. It should be clear now what the game would be like, and yet you assumed that it would be a political drama. If it was to be one, they would've stated so in the Kickstarter."
"/r/destinythegame is the only game-specific subreddit I visit, because I feel like I can't get any actual Destiny news from the rest of reddit. They can be negative at times, for sure, but the rest of reddit is just overwhelmingly negative and borderline hateful. Some of us do enjoy Destiny, and that's ok."
"If the quest is ""there's some monster in this forest, help us!"" then they didn't put on a marker on it because the point is for you to explore the forest looking for it.

Admittedly, the maps where ridiculously maze-like (and the map in the menu not very good), so sometimes it could be hard to find something even when you have a marker."
"&gt; that encourages gambling on crate opening

Fuck Valve for this. This was not a common f2p tactic until they succeeded with it in tf2. Now it is in almost every free 2 play title, and it is the worst system imaginable for paying for content.
"
"I really want to like this game, but I'm worried that it's not going to be deep at all. Only 3 classes?

Compared to something like Fire Emblem or Long War, that's miniscule at best."
"I dont know. I can see that, but the combat in two really surprised Me. I actually enjoyed it quite a bit. not as deep as say dark souls, but definitely fun and challenging if a bit unfair at times."
In my opinion it's less a matter of difficulty and more a matter of when will we (as in devs/producers) consider this sort of stuff worthy of expending processing time.
"From my experience the police in GTA V cheat just as much. Suspiciously honing in on my hiding spot despite having lost line of sight for half a minute, spawning in front of me on back roads where they have no business being, or somehow gaining line of sight despite me being underground and none of them in the same tunnel as me.

And that's not even mentioning some of the other issues like them being able to shoot me in the head from a helicopter while I'm driving at top speed in a modded supercar."
"**Axiom Verge** I have about an hour in it.  Last item I got was the lab coat.

I think it's great.  Beautiful aesthetic and music.  The game is quite difficult and I like that dying just resets you instantly back to the last save point with all of your progress in tact.

I do think there are a few too many save points though.  It may be because health upgrades are significantly less valuable than they were in Super Metroid but I feel like I stumble upon one every few minutes.

But the upgrades are cool and the bosses are great. I wish I couldn't see my complete % because I feel like the game is gonna be pretty short.  But so far I'm enjoying it."
"**Chroma Squad**. Only about 4 hours in, but love, love, *loving* it. I'm not usually one for tactical RPGs, but the battles aren't overly difficult. The graphics are charming as heck and the soundtrack is magic. It helps that I love Power Rangers, of course.

**Deus Ex** - I haven't played it since the PS2, so I'm replaying it and the others in preparation for Mankind Divided. Using the New Vision mod so it doesn't look like arse. It's harder than I remember, but that's probably because modern FPS have been coddling me, the few times I've played them."
"The sly collection. 

Played them all as a kid, and I'm loving playing through the games again. Almost finished with the first one."
"Really glad they're doing this. This is the proper way to review a game this long, put out a first impression video, then after you've beaten the game (or at least most of it) put out a final review."
"**Hearts of Iron III**

Ugh, this game. I feel like it's a rewarding game if you can get around how *immensely complicated it is*, and for a new player I found this game super challenging. Starting as Germany on Sept. 1st 1939, I was given a sizeable force on the Polish border with which to invade. ""This should be okay!"" I thought, sending the first troops into battle.

*WRONG*. Turns out, there's a whole load of production, research and intelligence conditions you need to set before you start, and that's before making sure your HQs are in position and ready to coordinate an attack. As a result, things didn't go well.

So I tried playing a scenario set in 1940- Invading France. This went slightly better, until... I noticed Britain had started a campaign in Norway. ""Alright,"" I thought. ""No problem. I'll send some troops up there.""

*Infrastructure insufficient*

What? So since I can't repel a British advance, I'm left to wait until the French and the British come and batter me. I've been searching for tutorials all week, with some luck but not too much. It's probably a great game with some time invested, but to begin with it is the most frustrating game I've ever played."
"**tera:** I really wish quests didn't require you to kill 4-5 bams, with most areas having 3-4 different kinds and thus totaling around 30 for a province/county/whatever. it's really tedious and sometimes frustrating, especially soloing it all. but since I found a good random group for the necromancer's tomb (instanced dungeon around lvl40), we cleared it a few times (how people solo these things around their level I'll never understand) and I advanced quite a bit xp-wise, so I said fuck the bams in the snowy areas for now, let's move on. there's actually a bam killing event going on, but only in the us, so I can't even profit from that (I don't care about the drops but finding assistance would be easier). anyway, I was almost lvl49 at that point and the next area was 44-46 with 2 non-instanced dungeons, so I was fine, especially with a killing buddy. the lag was killer in some places though. then at 50 I did the bam quests back in the snowy areas and now, at lvl51 and equipped with the lvl50 avatar weapon, I'm in the 47-51 areas that have 2 instanced dungeons. whenever I'm done with all of that, the next stop is the third continent.

**bionic commando:** I used to play bionic commando on my c64, it was a 2d side-scroller back then. then a few years ago I got **rearmed** because it looked fun, and while initially the controls were very frustrating (kb+m, don't have a controller), I got used to them and not only did I complete the game (on easy, I know my limits), I even managed to complete most of the challenges, which I normally don't even care about. not perfectly but they were mostly done and I had fun and was proud and everything. the graphics and the music were good too, so I'm pretty sad that the sequel didn't come out on pc.

this one has been on my radar since then too but I was undecided, especially when I read up on it and it turned out it has a bad checkpoint system and you lose challenge and collectible progress when you die, plus radiation kills you instantly. not my idea of fun, but I gotta say that while I wasn't great at it at all (kb+m still), swinging around, grappling and kicking enemies, etc. was really enjoyable. and since I don't care about challenges or collectibles, I didn't even care if I died, only when it put me way back. up until the 3rd industrial zone (the penultimate area in chapter 2) they were pretty generous with checkpoints but there they seem to have forgotten to place any.

completing challenges is actually useful though, as they give you bonuses, like bigger ammo capacity and stuff, but since I suck at games like this, I decided to go the easy way and cheat my way through it. not from the get-go, I gave it a fair shot, but when those biomechs showed up, I said ok, I still wanna play this, it's fun, but no way am I gonna beat these guys, nor am I gonna retry every area 2000 times. there's also deadly water ('cause your arm's heavy), snipers, even more biomechs and stuff, plus boss fights of course, so after a while I was sure I'd made the right decision, and because of that it was a mostly fun experience instead of a frustrating one. once I learned how to deal with bosses (self-healing robot worm, really?) and realized the plane surfing thing is not a qte but you actually control the planes, it was okay. except for the 3rd boss, for which I had to turn off the trainer, otherwise he wouldn't attack me at all after the first one, not sure why. it wasn't a matter of dying anyway, even for me, so after reading up on how to damage him at all and trying many-many times, I finally did it. a nice touch here is that you can actually tell the boss to shut the fuck up - and he does. so you don't have to listen to the same dialog over and over again.

it's not an especially long game, even less so if you're good at it, but I think it's really fun and enjoyable, and it looks good too (to me at least). apart from the checkpoint system and insta-death situations, plus my usual frustration with bosses, another thing that bothered me was the controller prompts on the screen when there's not even a controller in the entire house, let alone plugged in. it's just distracting and not helpful at all when I need to figure out what's what on the keyboard. at least it also says 'jump' and stuff, not just 'a', plus the manual (a nice and very thorough printed one with the retail version) mentions kb&amp;m controls.

oh yeah, I think the menu navigation looks pretty amazing with the bionic arm, plus it plays the [piano cover](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owdEu6-XU3E) of the theme song, which is very nice too. it even plays the game's trailer if you don't do anything in the menu, real old-school. and since **both this and rearmed are on sale right now** on steam for real cheap, I'd suggest picking them up if you're interested."
"Demon's Souls was my first but Dark Souls is my favorite by far. I'm torn between Demon's an Bloodborne though. Dark Souls II rests comfortably far below those two, though I haven't played the remixed version to see if it's any better. "
"Borderlands 2

I saw Mad Max: Fury Road this weekend (which is an amazing movie) and it really got me jonzing for a video game like it. I've never been a fan of the borderlands series and this time doesn't seem much different. It makes me sad because all of my friends love it and I really want to love it, but I just can't get in to it. Maybe it's the loot system or general cell shaded aesthetic, I'm not entirely sure. I'm really trying though, maybe it will click for me. Anyone else have a problem like this? "
"Katawa Shoujo- it's a lot of fun and incredibly emotional. It's the first visual novel I've experienced and I enjoyed it immensely. Each path is unique and got me attached. 
God of War 1&amp;2- I enjoyed the action and Greek mythos a lot. Some puzzles got annoying and frustrating but overall not bad. The gameplay was a lot of fun and aged well to me. I'm excited to play GOW3 on the PS4. "
"**Diablo II :** The new ladder starts in a few days but im still having fun trying to get to hell difficulty. This game is so tight, the audio, music, characters, story, Its giving me a lot of interesting ideas as DM for my D&amp;D campaign. I always do those small side quests, just to hear the audio.  "
"Have you played the final heist yet? The cops are like freaking magnets in the getaway bit, and will just hone in on you out of the blue."
"Just finished **Sleeping Dogs**.

What a game. Probably the best open world game I've ever played. Great story, beautiful surroundings and atmosphere and the main hero Wei Shen is someone every kid should aspire to be! "
"I guess I'll be the dissenting opinion and say I liked the game.

As a bit of a background, I had never played GTA.  My only experience with open world was stuff like Skyrim, Fallout, and Farcry 3.  I actually loved Watch Dogs.

**Story:**  

The story itself is often misunderstood I feel.  Most people say it's weak because the main character ""doesn't make any sense"" and should have just ""not done anything"", but that's actually the whole point.  The story gets progressively worse and the consequences more dire BECAUSE of the main character.

**Gameplay:**

The gunplay is average, driving was ""ok"" but not that bad considering it wasn't a huge focus, but the truly unique part of the game is the multiplayer, the world itself, and the ""hacking"".

The hacking part of the game is cool but not as big of a deal as you'd think.  It's mostly a means to an end for stealth sections by being able to distract people and blow up a heater.  The creative part comes into play when you can use it to access cameras, stop traffic lights, etc. to help you in multiplayer.

Speaking of which, multiplayer is a blast.  I've never had as much fun in an open world multiplayer game.  Basically, a player will invade your game and take the role of an average citizen.  They'll follow you, start an uplink, and you have to find them within a certain time frame (and a specific circular area they can't leave) and then kill them or prevent their escape.  This part of the game is a blast.  What truly sets it apart is that you constantly have to look over your shoulder, even while doing single player stuff, just because you're afraid someone might have invaded your game.  

See a citizen sprinting across the street?  That might actually be a player following you.  Car accident happen ahead of you or someone going really fast?  That's probably a player too.  Preemptively taking them out scores you bonus points, so they actually have to blend in to their surroundings before starting their download which triggers the warning message.  Constantly looking over my shoulder, even while doing the campaign, was an awesome feeling and really made me feel stalked.  The biggest highlight for me was stalking another player and tricking them to look for me on a train, which I then activated with my hacks to send them across town while my download easily finished during their ill-fated trip.

Lastly, there's a whole bunch of mini-games.  One turns the streets of Chicago into a sort of pac-man like collectathon game which completely changes how you see the environment.  Another has you play as a giant robot spider and cause a rampage.  You can also play chess with an old guy in the park or poker with some guys in a bar.  There's just a ton of side activities to do.

TL;DR:

Decent story and gunplay, but great world to roam around in, multiplayer, and a lot of cool side activities.  "
"I've mainly been playing **Insurgency** on PC. I've played a bit of it before on a friend's PC, but the humble sale had it at £3.50, so I thought i'd give it a proper go.

It's a really fun and entertaining shooter. It's difficult, and you have to really change your mindset from most shooters, even ones like CS. It rewards defensive play, creating crossfires, and staying still, suppressing the other team and trying to find a sneaky way to deal with your objective. It's quite fun, and certaintly a very different shooter to most i've played. I doubt that the game is realistic at all, but it certaintly manages to feel it. It's incredibly tense and sounds brilliant.

Unfortunately, I do have my niggles with the game. The lack of physicallity is my main one. Killzone 2 is my favourite first person shooter of all time, principally because the violence is heavy and brutal. Insurgency has a somewhat heavier feel to it in the movement regards compared to most games, but the recoil isn't nearly as pronounced as I feel it should be, some movements can be done way to quickly and accurately, and the reactions to being shot often seem limp, and being shot seems to have litte effect on a soldier's performance. This is fine in a lot of games, but in a game that seems to be emphasising realism and brutal combat, seeing bodies jump up into the air after being shot is a bit silly.

There is something also really odd about the performance. The PC i'm playing the game on is by no means good, but Insurgency is a source engine game and it can run other source engine games, such as CSGO and Portal 2 at a consistent 60fps at moderate setting. Insurgency is bizzare. At low settings, looking in some directions causes massive FPS drops down to about 15, wheras looking in another can leave the game running at 60, and looking down any strong scope without the scope quality being reduced to hilarious levels causes the game to chug. This may just be an issue with my PC, but it's a bit silly. Insurgency isn't so reaction focused that a consistent 60fps is neccessary in my opinion, but drops of such a nature are pretty bad, especially as the game doesn't really look that great. I think this may be due to how the maps load compared to a game like CSGO and their size, but it's still a bit mad that the drops are so pronounced. I messaged other people in game about this and they seemed to have similar problems, but it still could be limited admittedly.

But for £3.50, you can only complain so much. It's a sort of shooter i'd never really played before, and it's a good amount of fun, despite some issues - which may just be on my end."
"I actually loved doing all of the convoy ambushes and gang hideouts. I didn't give a shit about the main story, but something about setting up a blockade on a highway and then going into slowmo and blowing up a convoy simultaneously with a grenade launcher felt amazing."
Really? I feel like the gun sounds have only improved. BC2 felt like it was released on that cusp of when the industry just seemed to upgrade to fucking amazing audio.
"For some strange reason about 75% of the time if I start a new game in Skyrim the cart starts literally flipping out, and turns over and stops moving.

It's very odd."
"I'm with this guy. The reason Watch Dogs got so much hate when it came out was because of the massive hype. As a different comment mentions the E3 reveal was amazing and then the game was a big fall from the presentation. Also the fact that the graphics were downgraded but the higher quality files kept in the game brought a lot of hate.

The game has a mediocre story, which I enjoyed the missions of but not really the characters and stuff like. Where it does shine is in all the minigames. The multiplayer and the invasion or spider tank. Really when I play the game it feels more like the story has been tacked onto a minigame collection than a minigame collection shoehorned into an open world game.

tl;dr Buy the game but don't get too hyped. Appreciate what it offers and how it differs from the other games out there."
I'd venture to guess if someone were to post a side by side comparison of the ps4 and xbox one versions most people wouldn't be able to tell which one is which. 
"I remember the radio commercials. They were quite humorous.

""To reach our store, take the highway until you run out of gas. Then turn left!""

Not to mention there was a news report about a giant glowing orb in the sky that nobody knew what it was. (It was basically a description of the sun.)"
"**Tales from the Borderlands**

just picked this up on sale from humble store. I am a big fan of the main series and absolutely love it so far. the writing is on point with the humor and they definitely got the feel right for the world and characterization. will be eagerly awaiting the last 3 episodes. "
"**Invisible inc**

I've had my eye on this sense it hit EA a while ago and decided to pick it up when it came out and so far I'm pretty happy. You play as a group of spy's infiltrating corporations for money/info/tools. The gameplay has been good so far, there's lots of different gadgets you can get but its definitely a game that rewards stealth. My only gripe of sorts is that its a game that is intended for multiple playthroughs and the story is both fairly short and the same everytime, individual missions are different which is nice but I kinda wish it had a mode with random stories like how Tower of Guns does it. Still I've played two hours so far and expect ill easily get another 10+ put of it just from unlocking different people and trying the harder difficulties."
"Driving the car was awful because it was ridiculously to make turns because you were always going too fast. I personally really enjoyed using motorcycles though. 

Honestly, Sleeping Dogs wasn't much better for me. The cars had the stupid physics-defying shit where you could ram into a car like it was a spaceship or something, plus they weren't fun to handle. Once again, I almost exclusively used motorcycles in that game."
Bc2 had more dramatic gun sounds. Bf3 and 4 moved over towards more realistic ones. Bc2 was more like an action movie by how the guns sounded. 
"I just started playing **Titan Quest**. Currently still in act 1, level 12.

It certainly feels harder than D2 on normal difficulty. Some of the bosses I've fought have been extremely tanky (I chugged an embarassing number of potions on Polyphemus) and most enemies hit hard enough to always keep me on my toes.

This first act also feels really long in comparison to D2, but that might be due to how familiar I am with D2, and the speed with which I can clear it.

The class system is really cool, at level 2 you pick one of 9 masteries (classes) and then at level 8 you pick a second, so there's a lot of combinations to work with. The skill trees are also quite large so within each mastery you have a lot of freedom.

I'm running a Defense/Nature character, the goal being to make myself super tanky and supplement it with healing magic/buffs while pets do some of the damage.

The story has yet to pull me in. Monsters are running rampant, you need to figure out how to stop it. So far it hasn't been told in any real interesting way so I'm finding myself less and less interested in it as time goes on.

Overall, I'm liking it quite a bit so far. Looking forward to seeing how my character works out when it gets some better gear and more skills. And I'm curious to see what kinds of mythological badasses I get to fight.

Edit: 

Something I forgot to mention was the seemingly broken economy. I have around 250.000 gold atm. A small potion costs 120, a normal one costs 400. A rare item (the only items worth buying it seems) will literally cost me my entire gold stash.

The first bank expansion cost 10.000, the next will cost 500.000.

I really have no idea why there is such an imbalance in the prices of items, but it's really weird."
"**Persona 4 Golden**

Up to October 31st in-game, trying to grind Naoto's social link before the point of no return.

I feel like I've been blazing thru the game super quick - I think I'm at about 30ish hours? It kind of weirds me out that I've gone through a 80ish hour game so quickly. I guess it's because I skip spoken dialogue due to reading quicker than the voice actors can speak.

Naoto also seems stupid OP. She has Wind, Fire, Light, Dark, and Almighty spells and has no elemental weaknesses, only resistances. I really like her though, she tickles the part of me that loves detective characters. She's just super cool and her social link story is really neat so far.


**Castlevania: Symphony of the Night**

Put this on my Vita and restarted it. I couldn't get past the gargoyle &amp; lizardman twin boss before but I finally figured out how to beat em.

I'm now in the Marble Gallery area and have no clue where to go. Am I supposed to go down the path Maria? Do I go a different way? It's the kind of mystery that I like about Metroidvania games.

**Hyrule Warriors**

I got a Wii U from work a week or so ago but someone screwed up and didn't supply us an AC cord for it, so I had to buy one on my own a few days ago.

Now that I can finally play it, I've put an hour or so into Hyrule Warriors. Seems like a pretty good evolution of the musou genre. The cap on training characters is nice, though it would have killed me if they had that cap in DW Gundam Reborn.

The lack of proper voice acting is jarring when you have a bunch of words on-screen puncutated by ""UH!"" or ""EH?"" It's made worse by the fully acted loading screen recaps. It's super annoying and such a weird design choice. If everyone had been voiced fully except Link it'd be much better.

And on the subject of Wii U, I'm really upset that the awesome character fight pads that are designed to look like GC controllers don't work as a Wii U Pro controller, only a Classic Pro/GC controller on the Wii U. I now have two fight pads that are worthless to me and I can't return them cuz it's been over a week.

Also it's kind of dumb that the gamepad needs to be on all the time when the battery life is so poor. My gamepad has a weird flicker when the screen is on and it's plugged in. Dunno if that's normal or just the price of buying a used one."
"I also hate that the cops will draw guns and shoot you for **anything**. Punch someone? Shooting you. Steal a car? Shooting you. Standing too close to a cop just hanging around? Shooting you.

I understand that cops are, more or less, the only threat you have to deal with. I just wish they didn't have hide-spot detection, super scope pistols and kill on sight."
"It's seriously wild. I don't understand how the community can get behind some of those decisions. 

Ever since they released the 50 dollar packs that include just three playable characters, and their community gobbled it up, I just turned my back on it. "
"To be honest I don't know why this game sucks but it does, specially the combat. The time mechanic is really frustrating, I guess, I need time to build things, to create items, to develop improvements, etc, I also need to breed two of my warrios asap, but if you only have so many candidates you can't really choose (I had a game that I had to go full alchemist because there wasn't any other class available to marry with, and since all the marriages were alch with alch I only received more alchemist, etc).

Anyway, I wanted to like this game, but unfortunately I couldn't."
"Had the same issue, it was caused by a mod but I never figured out which one. My cart would flip uncontrollably and fly into the air while spinning. I installed the alternate start mod rather than fiddle with the mods."
"The frame rate issues were fixed in the PS4 version, since the PC version if a port of PS4 I assume we'll get that as well."
It's weird considering in single player with a single star they will attempt to arrest you before opening fire. Seems like such an odd thing to omit from Online.
"**CS: GO**

A co-worker of mine from a job I started recently is really into the competitive scene of CS GO. Though he isn't a pro himself, it is the only game mode he really plays. He convinced me to finally try competitve out. Turns out the game is a shit ton more fun. I've had the more fun than I've ever had before with this game while playing competitive mode. I am pretty bad at the game; as I went 17K and 20 D for my very first round. I am no where near obtaining a rank yet. Regardless, it is still a hell of a lot of fun. 

**Deus Ex: HR**

I just started this one. I have never played through the story. It seems like it will be a very interesting story and interesting game. I am looking forward to playing this game all the ways you can. The tutorial seems to give a multitude of ways to completely objectives, which I always appreciate in a game. The option to stealth or to go guns blazing is always cool to me, and I look forward to all the challenges that this game may bring. 



"
"People often confuse the large amount of criticism Dark Souls 2 gets with people thinking its a bad game. I don't think any souls fan will say Dks2 is a bad game, but it is not up to the level of quality that the other games have"
"But he's right. /r/games is guilty of it too. The response to this whole downgrade thing was lazy and immature, there's no other thing a reasonable person would think about it. In fact, I think that almost every single graphics discussion on this subreddit devolves into nonsense within seconds. It's the curse of following the medium where the average age of the consumer is really young, and where the medium is constructed around the concept of ""addicting"" or infinite lifetime games being a good thing. You have to deal with people who have no sense of proportion."
"People get their panties in a bunch about this kind of stuff, but as they play the game, they *will* comment on it. The comments are essentially a review of the first portion of the game. TotalBiscuit always goes on about how he's not doing reviews, but first impressions are really just lazy reviews. They certainly have their merits, and the reactions are more genuine, but at their heart they're just a review with less thought and editing put into it."
"Dunno, personally I felt nothing was going on in Far Cry 3, some patrol cars here and there didn't do much for me.

I guess the animals?"
"Yeah it's not that real. Huge swaths of Los Angeles are cut out of the game. Off the top of my head the huge commercial and residential San Fernando Valley was cut, the majority of the canyons were cut, and Malibu was cut as well."
I like how you and /u/ThePrettyCareful had completely different experiences with the difficulty as the game went on.
"Recently finished **Bioshock.** I enjoyed it, it's atmosphere and story telling. I liked the big shock about 2/3 into the game.  [spoiler](#s ""The whole being controlled by the term ""would you kindly"" thing was a pleasant subversion on meaning of player choice in a game."") But with that, I must say I had one big problem with the game, the final 45 second cut scene. This felt so unconnected to the game I just don't understand it. [spoiler](#s ""Early in the game I did free the little sisters. I assumed based on the reputation of this game that the binary moral choice wouldn't be so simple as good and bad, and beyond that it wasn't clear they were actually little girls. When I first saved one, I started to save the rest. When it was clear the woman who told me to save them was the ""good"" guy I sided with her in saving them. And what happens in the final cutscene, after half the game I was saving and never went back to harvesting, well apparently I don't get to save them, but instead I USE THEM TO TAKE OVER THE FUCKING WORLD. Like, really, that's the outcome? She says I did what she expected, even though I had clearly changed my approach to them at that point. Nevermind if the player made a choice to stop it, or realized their error, nope what you do from the beginning defines who you are. Did the do this on purpose, to continue the lack of choice theme? And the other cutscene, if you never harvest one of the girls, they become my family. So not killing someone means I have to see them through college? my character never gets to know these girls during the game, only sees them being regular in one scene far into the game, yet this is the final connection to them. it just seemed extremely unfitting for the story that was told."") I did enjoy the game, good gamplay, an interesting world and interesting characters; I just can't understand why that cutscene was there."
"**Final Fantasy IX** 

I just beat FFIX after having gotten stuck on the final boss three years ago. I started the game over and went all the way through again, and the boss wound up being one of the easier final bosses in the FFs I've ever played. FFIX is definitely my favorite numbered FF so far. Amazing cast of characters, probably the best party in any FF imo, best soundtrack, fantastic FMVs, great mechanics. Truly great game.

**The Legend of Dragoon** 

I have had this game for basically my entire life, it came out when I was 3. I have played it so many times, but never beaten it. The furthest I've ever gotten is to the fight with Lloyd when he has the dragoon buster. That was the most recent time I played it, probably about a year ago. I got stuck there, and forgot I was playing it. Now, I started the game again. I'm up to getting the Dragoni plant so I'm just a little bit into it, but this time I will beat it. I am determined, I will not play another game into TLoD is finished! "
"**Crusader Kings II**, specifically the **Game of Thrones** mod.

While I expected the mod to give me a new map, different names, and some magic, *what I didn't expect was how it overhauled the basic mechanics of CKII to the point I actually don't want to go back to the real world.* 

Empires actually feel like empires. In vanilla CKII, if a duke gets mad, and revolts, you might have a county-level revolt to put down, with one guy's troops to kill. With the GoT mod, if there's a problem, the whole world fractures. Each county, duchy, and king level title independently decides if they are going to support the crown or the rebellion, while the emperor (Iron Throne in this case) loses the ability to directly control the troops and micromanage the daily-lives of his kings. It means keeping your vassals happy is actually super important the higher you get, and causes loyalty cascades which really shake up gameplay at the highest governmental level. 

Once the war is over, in vanilla CKII, you could put the belligerents in jail. Then execute them if you don't mind the piety hit and possibly being a tyrant. With the mod, not only can you do both of these, you can also hold a trial, which has it's own event chain, and can result in a trial by combat, and will result in either the champion you picked or the accused dead. It's substantially more dramatic, and really makes the characters feel more real, as the number of actions influenced by traits has increased tenfold, and paying close attention to a wrathful, lustful, zealous, fire-worshiping king is much more important then paying close attention to a wrathful, lustful, zealous, Sunni king who happens to be at the corner of your Holy Roman Empire. Because your vassals can just *do more.*

Marriages are also more complex. In vanilla, it doesn't really matter what your character or their spouse thinks, as long as your spouse higher then -30 they will provide you with children. If they die, pause the game, find a new spouse with good genetics, and get married the day after the funeral. But with the mod, holy cow. Not only does keeping your relationship at +100 have benefits outside of more children, but if something happens to your spouse, you enter this spiral of depression and grieving events that can last for years. During which it's unlikely you are going to be allowed to remarry. The more you liked your spouse the more intense it seems to be. Because of the before-mentioned empire fracturing, joining houses by marrying the children of your vassals is also hugely important, as kings are much much less likely to join a war against their brother/sister in law, something that almost never, ever comes up in regular CKII.

So while I'm a huge fan of the show, the enormous gameplay improvements to some of the most base things make me feel like I'm playing CK 2.5 that happens to have assassin guilds, alchemy, dragons, legendary swords, bodyguards, literal magic, etc, as opposed to just CK2 with a change of scenery. I won't be going back to Europe any time soon.

Highly recommend. "
"I've been playing some **Diablo 3** for the past day, trying to wind down after a stressful semester.  
Man, as long as I don't meet ""jailer waller arcane enchanted molten"" I get so relaxed. Drops are good, sets get completed, game is fun....nothing really to complain about.

Maybe except the fact that my follower is basically useless."
"**Final Fantasy XIII (PC)**

I beat it this week and I enjoyed it. I've played FF6-10 and I would say it's my second least favorite FF game, FF10 being my least favorite.

There are plenty of things I liked in FF13. I liked the combat and all the ""modernization"" they've done. Like allowing you to skip cut-scenes and checkpoint before each battle. I also liked the art design and the music was fine.

However, there are also plenty of things I don't like. I don't like any of the characters, playable and non-playable. No one seemed interesting and I thought almost all playable characters were annoying. I also thought the English voice acting was pretty weak.

I don't like the narrative at all or the overall story. I never knew what my characters' motivation was and I rarely knew what I was doing in the story. All the flashback scenes were just annoying because they added almost nothing to the story and like I mentioned, I don't like any of the characters.

Though I liked the art design was good, I did not like the world design. It never felt like a real place and it felt like concept arts someone had pieced together. It also felt incredible small.

I'm going to be honest, I wanted to like FF13. Not because it's a FF game but because I knew it had two sequels. That's something I really enjoyed about the Mass Effect trilogy. I didn't care about the choices that carried over, I liked them because I was familiar with the universe they had created. I find ""epic"" stories much more interesting if I'm more familiar with the world they are creating. That's why I don't generally enjoy fantasy like Game of Thrones (TV show) because I couldn't get a good read of what the world they live in is like.

All said and done, I still enjoyed FF13. I'd give it 3 out of 5, I would only recommend it to die hard FF fans but they've probably already played it. It's also the first FF game where I've done everything there is to do. As a result it's the first game on Steam that I've gotten 100% of the achievements out of over 400 and I've used Steam since 2003. 

(This doesn't really mean anything since you don't know me but there was a period in my life where I was obsessed with getting 100% of the achievements for Xbox 360 games to the point that there were certain games I would not play on 360 if I knew it had some bullshit achievements.

Also, I have all of the achievements for Dark Souls but I unlocked them when it was GFWL so I have them on my LIVE account. Both FF13 and Dark Souls were 100% legit runs and unmodded except for DSFix, if anyone was wondering.)"
"The key issue here though is that the gaming industry does have a general formal review ""system""/standards. While, yes, any comment made about the game is technically a ""review"", it can not be and should not be compared or likened to formal text or video reviews done by gaming media.

Thus, they should strictly not be called reviews because it gives people a false sense of comparison. If the Quick Look video series was renamed to ""Video Reviews"" or something similar, they would get a lot of flak from people outside the Giantbomb community as they stumble upon the content in outside sources like reddit.

At their heart, they are videos showing off the game and giving informal incomplete opinions on it, not reviews."
"**Guild Wars 2**

Picked this up about 2 weeks ago with some friends when 5 of us were looking for something to get a mmo fix. Sadly aside from 1 of them everyone else has given up on it, (i probably would have too if it wasn't for my guild). So far i have gotten a Warrior to level 36, and my Elementalist to level 48, and unfortunately even then i am having a really hard time feeling the will to continue on. It is unfortunate because overall the game does a lot of things right, the real time combat system is pretty decent, a lot of the little puzzles around the map are a lot of fun. Unfortunately i find the game has a bunch of issues, that the typical response for a lot of them is ""That issue goes away in the end game"", but i am not at the end game, and i don't think i will be able to make it to the end game.

Some issues that bug the hell out of me:

* The lack of event variety gets tiring, the vast majority seem to be of the following escorting a caravan to A-&gt;B, collect X for Y, kill X, etc. There are others and they are decent, but when you are escorting a caravan for the 25th time i just don't care anymore. 
* Your characters movement speed feels extremely low, and when your trying to get somewhere to meet someone if you don't have WP it takes forever. While there are consumables to boost your movement speed however they are far too expensive for me to be able to buy.
* Every single mega-event i have done turns into ~100 players blobbing a big boss for 2-3 minutes, it feels uninteresting and makes you feel completely pointless.
* The games overall economy feels like a mess, the game gives you very little in the way of money (from what i have seen), and unfortunately the prices on everything in the AH are extremely high. For example i wanted a new staff since the one on my Elementalist is from when i was around level ~30, pretty much everything on the AH costs a bunch of gold which is far more then i have gotten from playing the game. 
* I find the games' gem currency frustrating. For example i want to change my characters tattoo colors to match his outfit. The only way to do that apparently is by buying a total makeover kit which costs around ~6$ worth of gems? 
* The world feels empty, as i run from heart to heart leveling up my character, you might find one of two chests off the beaten path but it is really rare. None of the conversations ever really feel meaningful, and just feel like filler. 

In a bunch of ways i just wish i was playing WoW again, even though i know i am looking at WoW through rose tinted glasses. "
"They're both pretty good, but all the cool kids hate Double Fine, so this is the kinda thing you'll constantly see in gaming subreddits."
"I'm personally so tired of positivity being called 'fanboyism' while negativity somehow is 'neutral'.

Face it, the attitude over on /r/wiiu is primarily a reaction to the over the top criticism *from* negative fanboys."
"I finally managed to get to the end of **Xenogears** which, despite many of its flaws, was certainly worth experiencing. I think the story in the first half of the game could have done with streamlining in order to give the second half the necessary time to propely develop, but there still plenty at the end of the game to make me think what it would be like to replay it with the knowledge of later events. All in all, I would probably give it a **7/10**.

Having also recently finished **Ratchet and Clank HD** and **Ratchet and Clank 2: Going Commando HD**, it was time to finish the trilogy with **Ratchet and Clank 3: Up Your Arsenal HD**. Sadly, I found this one to be a slight step back from the second game, with the main positive being the extra upgrades to the weapons and health which were a fantastic improvement and managed to keep each weapon worth using from start to finish. However, this seemed to lack the same sense of adventure that the last two games had. 

There was a much greater focus on shooting to this game, with levels being much more straightforward and there were far fewer sections requiring you to traverse the environment (in particular, there was much less water in the game and no gadgets involving its manipulation, i.e the hydrodisplacer or the thermanator) and absolutely no grindboot sections.

This seems to be exemplified in the fact that the game is more ""mission"" based, rather than based around going from planet to planet for the next piece of the story.

There are also more vehicles this time, although they have come at the expense of removing the spaceship combat, and never quite hit the same level of enjoyment.

Having said that, it is still a Ratchet and Clank game and so is still a fantastic and fun experience. Final Scores would be:

Ratchet and Clank HD: **7/10**

Ratchet and Clank 2: Going Commando HD: **9/10**

Ratchet and Clank 3: Up Your Arsenal HD: **8/10**"
"I played Guild Wars 2 for a few thousand hours, and I wouldn't recommend it.

The focus on monetization. Every update that comes out is only filler stuff (busy work achievements) coupled with new real money promotions, or as of recently only the real money promotions without any content.

Uninstanced open-world events leave you with a feeling of ""why am I even doing this"". You cannot meaningfully influence the outcome because it's just a gigantic blob of people spamming skills. Might as well go AFK. The loot is trash and itemization is overall very frustrating due to the phenomenon of ""boxes within boxes"", that ultimately cannot drop anything meaningful.

The end-game is a joke. Dungeons have been completely neglected, and never had any challenge to start with. Everyone has max gear or almost max gear just from hitting level 80. The developers are constantly saying once you're 80 it's about the skins, but skins are what they sell for real money. There have been hundreds of new skins added since release, 95%+ of them on the in-game store.

Overall the game is just very bland, despite shiny graphics, and the only thing holding some people back are the achievements and daily rewards that force you to login every day for fear of missing out. That and the monetary investment that a lot of people have made into their characters, it's a defensive mechanism to keep believing all the money and time is not invalidated.

The game also has a lot of bugs, and those are not superficial in-game bugs but actual technology issues. The auction house and guild panel are actually websites displayed by an in-game browser, with detrimental effects on framerate and interactivity. Network service has major issues where it will disconnect you partially, making you unable to read/write certain chat channels or accept group invites, or puts you into the wrong region for the LFG browser, so that after finding a full group you find out you cannot actually join their instance because they are in a different datacenter.

LOADING SCREENS. They take a minute or more to load on a very decent (i7, SSD) computer. A compounding issue is that the game is constructed so that you have to constantly teleport between maps, and people regularly sit through 3 loading screens in a row in order to avoid a waypoint fee. The world is split into small rectangular zones with portals on the sides, it's not a contiguous map like you would expect from World of Wacraft.

A lot of items that were said to be exclusively for the East (China) have found their way onto EU/NA servers' in-game shop: Teleport to Friend, VIP restricted area passes, DMG/Armor/Healing booster, Daily Login Reward Track."
"Yes a first impression is logically a part of the review process, but this segment of the process isolated by itself is not a review. Yes it is important, even if you think reviews are bad. Just because the ""point"" of the content is the same, does mean they are the same thing. People get uppity towards Giantbomb for how they conduct their Quick Looks, because they expect them to be like reviews (or actually quick). This is a false expectation if people keep labeling them as reviews just to be fucking technical.

"
"It is, this is another Blizzard backronym. I'd seen it in MUDs before WC2 was released. People also regularly try to claim glhf is from WC2, even though that one is from the 80s."
"I loved the fact that it only took me a few days to complete. Most GTA-style open world games are so enormous that I lose interest long before finishing them. I did not love the fact that the Definitive Edition took the DLC and poorly integrated it into the main game, resulting in a lot of broken unlockables that disappear randomly. Still a very fun game, and I highly recommend it to anyone interested in GTA-style games or a fairly accurate rendition of Hong Kong."
"In the shot of the guys opening the door, the horse head that's ""hanging on the wall"" is actually a live horse sticking its head through a solid wall.

It took me a while to see it too."
"Explanation: Interceptor got sued by Gearbox after they announced Duke Nukem Mass Destruction, with GBX contending that they didn't have the rights to use the IP. Mass Destruction has since transformed into Bombshell, but the case was finally settled in mediation, resulting in Interceptor now having the option to buy the rights to Duke Nukem through a fairly complicated and expensive payment plan.
  
No idea what the chances are of them actually doing it, but it's a pretty big development all the same."
"**Civilization** **5**

ive had the game for a while, and never really made it out of the ancient era... or had won a war, at that. or even captured a city. I enjoyed the idea behind it, and i saw glimpses of what made this game so addicting, but i never understood it, until after numerous failed attempts playing the Chinese, Songhai, Japanese, Englsh, etc etc etc, i rolled Big Boy George Washington and the greatest goddamn country on the face of any planet, real or virtual, the United States of America.

I play it on and off, and still havent won, but that is coming soon. I remember, i had just founded my third city, boston, on the opposite side of the continent, away from my capital, Washington D.C. I had a decent economy going, but Japan out of nowhere decides to attack. I built enough trebuchets, strategized, and captured kyoto before he begged for mercy. Then i did the same to Kiev, his sister state. I began to understand, in these first successful sieges, how delicious the taste of virtual tyranny can be.

As time went on, my fledgeling nation expanded its borders, and had a pretty good economy, no complaints. until of all people, hiawatha of the iroquois, again declares battle against me. Okay motherfucker, you with your shit ass bow and arrow and im sitting here with my minutemen and gatling guns, lets see how that plays out for you. I annihilate his siege and begin to turn southwards towards his half of the continent, where he had established many cities. Cities that would be razed to the ground or annexed as puppet states. He stood no chance. By this time I had artillery. After i wiped he and his kind off the face of the planet, I turned my attention eastwards towards Oda Nobunaga's remaining cities, Tokyo and Osaka. He is now confined to a small island off the east coast of the continent. He is nothing. My will is law, I am the Tyrant Washington. 

For fun and for the completionist's sake in me, i removed Queen Elizabeth from the game quickly and easily, ensuring my continental domination. My economy is booming. I create 600g a turn. i have gold stockpiles that will last a thousand years...as my eye turns westward, to the growing threat of the Zulu empire. He may have taken over that large continent but his forces are nothing compared to mine. I can wage war against him, creating units and spreading across his land like a tide of red white and blue washing across a river delta. I will not stop until the world is mine and my challengers are vanquished or diminished to the point of impotency.

I am a monster, a Tyrant, a God.

I love it"
"You're just clinging to the word feudal and making assumptions of things not there in the first place.

Explain like I'm 5, how a 'feudal' game must have interpersonal conflict. Why can't feudal games be about killing demons? Why can't knights just kill demons and defend castles rather than killing other knights?

IIRC there's only one instance of the word feudal in the Kickstarter page. Doesn't that suggest that it's pretty irrelevant compared to everything else said on the page? What if they just used the word feudal because it's less used than 'medieval fantasy'? What if they used the word feudal just because you can manage your dynasty in keeping the kingdom safe?"
"Think about the word ""remaster"". It means going back to the original (master) copy to get the best quality available from the assets used at the original time of production. When they remaster an album, they don't go back into the studio and record every track again, they go back to the best quality recordings they had when they originally made the album and make a higher quality copy than was available previously. In the case of a video game, they may have higher quality or less compressed textures and audio, but not make new textures up to today's standards. 

If you're going to go through, use new assets, add new features, I would call that a remake."
"They haven't really been active on the internet since November, but [here's their website.](http://www.pillowcastlegames.com/) You can probably contact them from there."
"I don't know if the *technology* is the best, but the design in general has been top quality. When VR really starts kicking off with big-publishers, I hope to see a lot of advancements and accommodations in audio design, especially since positional, 3D sound is very important for the most convincing VR environments."
"That's a horrible headline (and I do realize it was the original one). There are literally **pages** of bad decisions there, and they all contributed."
Useless waste of developer time? While they're simultaneously testing servers with 60 and 120 tickrates?
"On a side note, last week's episode on Pyramid Head is well worth a watch as well:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnvyKHMBipc"
"It's very hard to create a game out of that mechanic. But who knows, they might have been picked up by Valve for Portal 3 or something. It's a student project, after graduation there's little incentive left to create something out of what you created just for a grade."
"Funny enough, it's actually caused by your game running *too* smoothly. So turns out some of the physics in Skyrim are tied to frame rate for some reason, so locking your frame rate with v-sync for that scene should take care of the issue!"
"I love FFXI, but do they still use Play Online? I can't even imagine the ~~haste~~ hassle of figuring out my old email, username, and pw with that archaic launcher."
"I've yet to watch a Giant Bomb video that's made me want to subscribe, yet people seem to really love their media... If anyone feels like they want to recommend a good example of why they're popular, please link me!"
"&gt;for some reason

console development.  Consoles are framerate-locked, so it's very easy to just tie your processes to that as it's a consistent synchronization scheme.  See Dark Souls' ladder bug at 60hz and DS2's durability bug for similar issues.  Japanese developers in particular only develop for console, so it tends to happen with japanese pc-ported games a lot."
"Yes, but the big one (the botched release date) overshadows all the others as much as the PS3's price overshadowed its other flaws on announcement and launch."
"That's funny, because incorrectly correcting people's ""mistakes"" is an inside joke that I have with myself. "
"People saying they haven't been active are wrong. They replied to a comment just 3 days ago saying

'Hey Matt, thanks for keeping in touch! I know it's been a while since I updated anything. Right now Pillow Castle is just a one man team, so it'll probably be at least two years before release. It will definitely be on PC, but I'll also try to get it on PS4/XBOX1' "
"This game really is incredible. As far as point-and-click gameplay goes, it's pretty standard fare. But it more than makes up for that in atmosphere, storytelling, and character develepment. The themes and situations are some of the most deeply unsettling that I've seen in any game.

Blatant and shameless self-promotion incoming.

If anyone's interested in seeing the whole story without playing it (point-and-click isn't for everyone), I've got a complete let's play of the game on my channel.

https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLEQkp-lfXGBIfqiL-hO3uszDfyudCTrMJ

I just ask that you be patient with the first few episodes, since this was my first series. The editing is not as tight as I'd make it now. Still, it's worth a watch.
"
"I actually visited Interceptors studio about a year ago now, the main man told me that when they bought all the other titles from 3D realms and Gearbox - Duke Nukem was actually a part of that. However Gearbox sued Interceptor because Forever was still being developed by Gearbox. 

Randy Pitchford is a complete idiot is what I'm saying. "
"The game's sorta like skyrim where it's incredibly open and there's an absurd amount of stuff to do. The video basically shows off the tutorial and the very first mission. In the context of a 70+ hour long game, that's a pretty minor spoiler."
"Having played this recently, I thought this was a great game that still holds up for the most part even now, and is one of the more memorable adventure games I've played.

That being said, I thought it was a lot more uneven than is put forth here, and the strengths of the good parts overshadow the bad ones. Ellen's story was TERRIBLE; the voice acting is bad to the point of being uncomfortable, and deals with the topic of rape in one of the most juvenile (the color yellow? seriously?) and borderline offensive ways I've seen in a game (all of the other characters are being punished for what they did in their past lives - one was an abusive spouse, one committed war crimes, one was a con man and exploited people, one was a Nazi doctor who tortured people - Ellen was raped). Ted's story was pretty lame, and even with the symbolism, felt like an 80's adventure game writer wrote it instead of Ellison, it was just a little too silly. Also, the final section with the ""logic bombs"" devolves into a lot of random clicking that makes it trial-and-error, except error results in death. This is made worse by the fact that the ""bad endings"" this guy says ""punishes"" you are thematically consistent with the game and book and feel appropriate and satisfying, which doesn't really give you an incentive to slog through the random clicking to get to the parts where you have to use logic so you can see a different ending.

BUT, like I said, it's still a great adventure game, and it's sad to see that no other games have really attempted to tackle the themes and atmosphere that this one did so long ago. If you like point-and-click games, you should definitely give it a go."
"**Thief** (2014)

So this game was torn apart by critics and fans alike, but I picked it up on sale along with the rest of the franchise for about $10. I've never played the franchise before, but I decided on playing the reboot first because I like shiny things.

First off, the graphics look really nice. I'm getting a mostly stable 60FPS on medium/high settings with an R7 260X. The lighting in particular is incredible.

The actual gameplay is fun, but nothing special. It's pretty similar to Dishonored, but it feels more ""on rails"" which is disappointing. You have maybe 2-3 different routes to take on each mission, and you can't really get creative. The levels in Dishonored were larger and a lot more open, which is kind of funny since I had heard that Thief was open world. A better description would be a semi-open mission hub.

One thing that I prefer over Dishonored is that you actually have an incentive to avoid combat. Dishonored straight up tells you in the first mission, ""don't kill people because it will give you a worse ending"". I'm not even exaggerating, you get a message popup telling you that, and the game continually reminds you not to kill people. Blasting your way through a mission in Dishonored was fairly easy. It took a lot of tension out of the stealth because you knew you weren't really in danger if you got caught.

Fighting guards isn't really an option in Thief. You can take on one guard pretty easily, but anything past that and you're screwed. The game actually *requires* you to be stealthy.

I just wish the levels were more sandboxy, because the game has all the pieces for something great, but it doesn't know how to put them together.

"
"/r/Monsterhunter is the best gaming subreddit, hands down, bar none.

I have never seen a non joking shitpost thread, EVER."
"I got into them from listening to the bombcast while driving to work. You start to feel part of the ""group"" after a while and feel like you know them / are in on the jokes. However, they recently split up the office so Vinny, Jeff and Brad (main guys) aren't together as often which is a little disappointing "
"Not to be an ass but I don't want them to cater to every lowest denominator. That's how games become streamlined, soulless things. If you can't keep your bearings in a non-randomized environment with a map to help you, it's a shitty situation but what can you do."
"Some important lessons here. The first is that you never present before Sony during an E3 conference. The second reveals the importance of marketing in selling these systems. According to the article, the three things Sony did correctly are all marketing activities: 1. the dinosaur demo that wowed developers, 2. targeting twenty-somethings and 3. $299 U.S. dollars.
 
The final paragraph of the article is a bit dubious as the Playstation launched with very arcade-y titles like Battle Arena Toshinden. It's hard to believe the company that would release Shenmue years before GTA III didn't see where game design was going. The mistakes seem to be more in how the product was sold to all major stakeholders - that first impression with early adopters and developers is vital."
"I made a comment on reddit how cool it would be to setup an arena and play some VR laser tag where ordinary objects like a box can be shown in-game as something more detailed. was told it was a dumb idea that no one would want to ever build.

sounds like reddit."
"It's worth reading the [short story](http://hermiene.net/short-stories/i_have_no_mouth.html) that inspired the game.

Somebody also did a great [Team Fortress 2](http://pastebin.com/jry1GApv) version of it.

It probably goes without saying but as a warning, it doesn't pull many punches and is quite depressing. If you can look past that, very highly recommended. It's not perfect but gets major points for attempting something different and is an experience worth having at any rate."
"My favorite franchise! 

I love how every game contains a reference to a seemingly random programmer at the company (until '06 that is). 

Never knew Clank was originally designed much more... ambitiously, but I agree it would have been way more confusing. "
"I think Interceptor/3D Realms should buy back the rights cause truly is gearbox really going to use the IP or will they just sit on it ?

"
"wow, I always thought it was weird how similar Jak and Daxter was to Ratchet and Clank. Did not realize the studios shared a room in the same building....crazy."
"Well for  72 hours 15 minutes this week I played **Install GTA V,** and I gotta say it was a pretty shitty game with a lot of loading screens and disconnects. Once I finished playing that, I moved on to **Grand Theft Auto V,** which is a really fun, expansive game so far with great characters and lots of things to do. "
"I highly recommend listening to the audio book on YouTube read by the author. The story stuck with me for a while.  Keep in mind the story is very bleak and disturbing.
Link:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vgc5PDtIii8"
"Exactly. The N64 launched early and with a whopping **two** titles, and did just fine. The Saturn arguably had a stronger launch."
"Fingers crossed this actually happens. Gearbox have proven they are one of the most pathetic developers in the industry these days. Constant lies like the Aliens CM trailer, and then defending themselves for it or even shifting the blame to others.

It's not like they'd ever use the Duke IP again after Forever anyway. They're more likely just to sit on it."
Two Best Friends Play did a superb playthrough of I Have No Mouth. Woolie studied Psychology so you get some clever insight into the inner working of AM towards the end of the game.
"If you play it largely as a stealth game where you don't kill unless you absolutely have to, Watch Dogs honestly shines and is very unique.  How many open world stealth games are there?  

Play it as a stealth game where you try to escape everyone without killing and the game is so fun (and the story actually makes more sense).  "
"Harlan Ellison, the writer of the short story played AM in the game as well. I thought it was really hammy though. I liked the game, not the voices."
"Frankly this situation along with others makes it sound like Interceptor is very ignorant about legal issues as a whole. They did do good work with ROTT though, so I'm a fan."
"If you play it largely as a stealth game where you don't kill unless you absolutely have to, Watch Dogs honestly shines and is very unique.  How many open world stealth games are there?  

Play it as a stealth game where you try to escape everyone without killing and the game is so fun (and the story actually makes more sense).  "
Highly recommend the book Console Wars for anyone interested in more of the behind-the-scenes from this era.
"&gt;The N64 launched early and with a whopping two titles, and did just fine.

  It helps that one of those titles is still talked about *today* as a crowning achievement for 3D gaming."
The N64 was a year overdue at launch. Makes you wonder how dire the game situation would have been if they had managed to get it out in 1995.
"Final Fantasy 7, Metal Gear Solid, Gran Turismo and Castlevania Symphony of the Night helped destroy everyone else too.   PS1 was ridiculous "
"&gt;Exactly. The N64 launched early and with a whopping two titles, and did just fine. The Saturn arguably had a stronger launch.

The two can't be compared. Sega didn't just release the Saturn early, they made it a surprise launch at select retailers. Retailers who planned on selling the Saturn months later suddenly found their competitor Toys ""R"" Us selling it exclusively. Unsurprisingly, they refocused their efforts on Sony's upcoming console instead. 

Nintendo also released the N64 with a game some publications were calling the [greatest game of all time](http://40.media.tumblr.com/eb0076413ab3d39ff7a3a6eb49b7a246/tumblr_mhstdw0rD01rkrwaco3_1280.jpg) before it even launched. The Saturn's biggest launch titles were bad ports of games that were already becoming old news.  "
"Virtua Fighter is still talked about in the realm of fighters. Super Mario 64 is still talked about in the realm of gaming. Big difference. I loved VF, but we'd be kidding ourselves if we thought it was nearly as important or remembered as SM64 is."
I love the part where Pat just killed a Nazi in a literal instant and Woolie freaked out with how fast Pat came to that decision.
Right but the PS3 isn't the best example because Sony's Playstation still exists and the PS3 sold more worldwide than its direct competitor (Xbox 360). 
I think it's also mentioning that the visual representation of Akihabara is actually quite accurate and even some NPCs have been patterned directly out of real life workers and regulars of the area. It works surprisingly well as a bit of a virtual tour of Akihabara as well.
"Given that BF3 is still relatively active and BF4 is absolutely active i think you are being overly negative with your prediction there.

"
Sony ended up making a lot of good decisions over the lifetime of the PS3 that let it get where it was. But the PS3 was getting spanked at the launch of the two systems. 
"Oh God, please let this be a thing. I would love a sequel or even a spiritual successor to MA. It was one of my favourite childhood games and still is today. "
"Either way, I just want somebody to make a proper 'built from the ground up' new entry into the Duke series. Forever was a stitching together of 14 years of development, I want something conceptualized and brought to market in a few years."
Another big thing to mention was how Sony really went after developers with a dev-friendly ecosystem that put its competitors at the time to shame. It's the reason they were able to secure [such a huge advantage in library size](http://i.imgur.com/uPbjSkn.png) as a newcomer.
"Mario 64 was **awesome** at the time - but one title alone isn't enough for most people to justify a console purchase. At the time the future prospects for the system were fuzzy, and even though we knew games like Mario Kart or Shadows of the Empire were coming *eventually* that was basically all anyone knew. As someone who lived through that launch, it was a mess."
"Yeah. ""Early"" may have been a poor word choice, but I meant it in the context that the console shipped before most of its titles were ready to go."
One of the things I loved about this game was it's location damage. The fact that you could run around with crippled limbs and shoot with dangly arms was one of the best features. Running around as a disabled bot just added too much fun to all types of situations. Never seen anything like it since. I miss getting my shooting arms blown off and wondering what to do next.
"&gt;Fatigue will set in and studios will waste exorbitant amounts of money on something people don't want to play.

Yet most of the examples people in communities like this use are games that sell really well year after year. Call of Duty. Assassin's Creed.

It has been eight years. Fatigue hasn't set in yet.

The annualizing of games has it's drawbacks, mainly being that some games don't get the QA time they need, but as far as content goes, plenty of people out there want their yearly fix. You can pretend they're fatigued, but all of the numbers say otherwise. "
I think people hate Randy because of the bait and switch shit they pulled with Colonial Marines. Aside from that I don't understand why anyone would hate him or Gearbox so much.
"My big brother was in Uni when the Playstation came out. I can confirm that the marketing towards 20-somethings was very successful in the UK.

It was the first time a console had been marketed in such a way that it seemed 'cool and social' to play Gran Turismo or Tekken after a night out.

A lot of 90's /00's UK / Trance /DnB / Grime / Dubstep artists actually started out by using music software on their PSXs / PS2s to make beats so I guess you could attribute Sony to the development of electronic music in the UK.

My brother and his housemates all ended up chipping in and buying a Playstation to share. My brother somehow ended up keeping it when everyone graduated.

[I still have that very Playstation now.](http://imgur.com/exB6CYQ)

IIRC: Playstation UK gave Universities special [Net Yaroze](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Net_Yaroze) Playstations so they could offer Video Game Design degrees and obviously increase developer interest. Students could purchase them themselves using their student emails as well. "
Really?  I loved his AM.  His performance made AM seem even more crazy.  The rest of the voices were a mixed bag but overall I enjoyed the voice acting.
"When he said ""Fatigue hasn't set in yet"" I think he was referring to sales numbers, not how he or you feel about the games."
"This is really a stupid-ass argument. 

There's a reason these games have annual releases - they simply continue to rake billions. 

And them raking billions is allowing the publishers to run off with more risky side-projects that would otherwise never happen. 

So is it bad for gaming? Quite the opposite - these franchises are the engine of the industry, carrying the entire AAA market on their backs. 

"
"I just have to take this moment to say that Ratchet &amp; Clank is easily in my top 5 game series of all time. I was never able to get into Jak and Daxter like some of my friends, but the Ratchet &amp; Clank series really stuck with me. 

It's probably no surprise though considering as a young child I 100% completed Spyro 1-3 and was absolutely in love with that series as well. "
"I contest your claim that Ellen's story was terrible; the voice acting wasn't great by any means but I've heard much worse, the 'color yellow' thing was a simplistic but valid narrative device, and I always felt that the fact that Ellen had done nothing wrong (unlike the other characters) made her a much more tragic character than the rest.  

Imo, AM is not punishing the characters for what they did, he is using their faults and failures and weaknesses to hurt them.  Ellen's trauma is just another thing for AM to take advantage of and he does so ruthlessly and gleefully.  I found it no more or less offensive than the average episode of Law and Order: SVU, probably less so.
"
"Yes that is my specific issue with Gearbox, because God damn was I duped and I'm still smarting from it. 

Borderlands is great though and so is the Homeworld collection. "
"YES PLEASE! I commented on Image&amp;amp;Form's recent video where they mentioned making a platformer after SteamWorld Heist that I'd love a reboot of Metal Arms. I&amp;amp;F replied saying they agreed and it would ""be awesome to see more of something like it :)"".

Might not even need crowd funding if I&amp;amp;F were helping, but it would still help make nice publicity."
We did. It was on the early N64 boxes (so early the screenshots showed items like the Cape that didn't make it into the final version of the game) and I'm pretty sure it was on those Nintendo Power VHS previews. I know the actual magazine covered it prior to release.
"I mean... after DNF do you really want George Broussard in charge of it again?

Sure, Gearbox wasn't exactly the best keeper of Duke, but that's after Broussard couldn't get anything done."
"Mario 64 was a cancel all presents situation. 

I made it clear that the n64 was to be top priority for christmas."
"I remember reading up on Wikipedia a couple of years back about Dan because I really wondered why he was in these games.

Broke my heart to see he's passed away a few years before then. It's unusual, I knew nothing about the guy except for a stupid inside joke"
and because of that its a lot more complete answer  and provides more information than simply saying no.
"BSI is to Bioshock as Halo is to Deus Ex.

Combat in BSI is all about aggression, staying mobile and running the enemy down, while your shield soaks the occasional hit for you. In Bioshock you don't have a shield, you're much squishier, and charging face-first into combat is a good way to get yourself badly hurt or killed.

BSI cuts off your ability to explore quite significantly, you're shepherded from one set piece to another without the ability to backtrack or take side avenues. Bioshock on the other hand allows you to revisit almost any place you've ever been, at any time. Often you'll need to backtrack if you want to get into some area that was previously out of your reach.

Powers and passives in Bioshock are much more customizable, with more passives oriented towards stealth-based approaches and hacking your way past obstacles. There's also a rudimentary invention system that allows you to turn scrap materials that you find into a variety of specialized ammo."
"Some additional background on this.  

The makers of The Void had previously been developing a Victorian Age Theme park called Evermore.  Plans were of a scope to rival Disneyland and this was often stated.  

It was due for this year but was recently canceled and at the same time The Void was announced.  The creators state that The Void was originally planned to be a side attraction in Evermore but is being brought to the forefront instead as a way to bring in money and awareness."
"I've been playing through the HD collection and loving it. The first game is fun, but GC is mind blowing in how much of an improvement it is. The sheer amount of weapons to get it really overwhelming for a 2003 game"
"I miss spyro. I replayed those games dozens of times. I had no memory card at the time, so I had to leave it on to play it lmao"
Absolutely. The second game was always my favorite of the series and I consider it *the* Ratchet &amp; Clank game. 
They're likable and they have interesting opinions on games. They have some pretty funny content too. Here's a highlight from one of my favorite quick looks: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8jNkAAM9gU
"And? All that means is that you just didn't like the 2nd not that it was bad

I put a couple hundred in the first and over a thousand in the second. That doesn't make the 1st one bad, just that the other one was more ""fun"""
"**No!** because any AAA game is a huge risk that could possibly sink entire companies these days.  If they find one that people enjoy and purchase then they should absolutely ride that wave.  It is because of Assasin's Creed we got things like Child of Light and Valiant Hearts.  Its why we are getting big AAA titles from Ubisoft every year like Rainbow Six Siege and The Division.  AC bank rolls that entire company basically and thats awesome.  There are tons of people who play only a few games every year and 1 is the new Assassin's Creed.  I know peoples fathers who are in their 60s who don't play anything else but the new Assassin's Creed because they enjoy exploring a world from history and seeing Napoleon or Black Beard pop up in their story.  

For all of you people who hate Call of Duty there are tons of people who play that 1 thing every year.  Who the fuck are any of you to tell them they are doing something wrong?  If they want to enjoy Call of Duty once a year while their wives and kids are asleep fucking let them.  I had a cable repair guy stop into my house the other day.  Came down in my entertainment room and saw a Mortal Kombat flag across my wall.  That sparked a conversation about how he hadn't gamed since he was a kid until CoD ghosts came out and a friend convinced him to buy a xbox one for it.  He was super excited to tell someone how much he loved playing it.  Like what the hell is wrong with that?  Who in here can tell that man that he's doing it wrong?  That he is harming gaming by purchasing his 1 game a year that he enjoys when his family is asleep. Thats fucking garbage if you think annual releases are hurting gaming. If you don't like them don't fucking play them, its as simple as that, end of discussion.... "
"Double down on the recommendation for Console Wars I read it about two months ago.  The OP news piece is not what killed Sega.  What killed Sega was when Sega of Japan IE Nakayama overuled Sega of America first by refusing to partner with SGI (Which went on to partner with Nintendo to produce the N64) and then refusing to partner with Sony (Which went on to make the Playstation).

Before SCI Nintendo's hardware was struggling to do true 32 bit, before Sony it was Sega who was struggling to make 32 bit cheap enough to justify the same sort of price point.

But Nakayama overuled Sega of America twice for poorly defined reasons and thus Sega created the things that would defeat it years later.  The Saturn launch was just the nice public jumping the shark moment when Sega of Japan made Sega of America destroy a decade of trust and goodwill with every single American store buyer."
"Duke is a 90s IP.  That type of character and comedy just doesn't work anymore.

Let Duke live on in the past and stop messing with him"
"I don't think the Saturn was dead on arrival in the US.  Yes it struggled but the games were there in the early going from Fall 1995.  At worst Sega matched Sony blow for blow game wise.  System sales wise it was probably a different story but I don't know that.

No, I think the major blunder was the hiring and subsequent comments of Bernie Stoler.  No 2D games.  Anti-RPG.  Anti-Shump.  Then the infamous ""The Saturn is not our future""  comments less than 3 years into the system's life.  The early launch ticked off developers and alienated retailers but it didn't kill the Saturn.  Sega was still a brand name at that point but Stoler gave up on the Saturn publicly.  Why should the consumer buy it if Sega of America doesn't even give a shit about it?

Also a major blunder was more less dropping every single major property from the Genesis days.  No Sonic (though Sega tried developing one).  No Vectorman.  No Phantasy Star.  No Toejam and Earl.  No Altered Beast.  No real Golden Axe (The Duel doesn't count).  ETC...  The Saturn was a Sega console minus every single Sega IP that made them so successful with the Genesis.  Looking back in retrospect the Saturn still had a pretty good library despite this but it could have been so much more."
"N64 launched with Mario and Pilotwings.  Waverace came out about a month later, Shadows of the Empire was out before Christmas, Mario Kart came out early the next year."
"I still have and love my Sega Saturn. Don't know why, maybe it's nostalgia, but I still bust it out and play Virtua Fighter and Virtua Cop, and occasionally even Sonic 3D blast.

Sonic 3D blast is admittedly horrible, but the music is relaxing to me."
"So many of Sega's problems are attributable to the Japanese headquarters making them do stupid things.  

I'll elaborate.  Its a problem nowadays.  The Japanese division is concerned about their local market (mobile and arcades), Europe is working on PC games, US needs Sonic games on consoles, and they can't get well organized."
"What I knew was Mario  64 was the greatest thing ever and Pilot Wings was insane.  You could actually fly like you were really flying.  With a bunch of different things.  And Waverace.  Holy shit the waves were real and not just background stuff!  

Don't look at it with the lens of 2015 and having a billion different 3D games to play.  The N64 launch was incredible to kids at the time.  "
The early xbone marketing/ideas was such a misstep and their $500 price tag definitely didnt help fix anything for them. $400 for the PS4 after all the xbox crap helped for sure.
"You can find youtube videos that cover all the bonus content.  It's all crap.  The new areas are done in a different art style.   They look so bad.  There is no select button, so you have to look at the map from the main menu, and the Saturn port loads everything much slower than the PS1 orginal.  So it takes about a minute to check the map.  It's really bad."
Umm idk who you were friends with but a crap load of people buy consoles for one single game. I got a N64 because I played supersmash bros at a friends house and fell in love. I got Playstation because of FF7. I got a xbox because of Halo. Im sure plenty of other people (not saying everyone) did similar. 
"Back when I moved to Vegas a couple of years back, I used to wonder why there was an Konami office in Las Vegas. The one near McCarran International Airport. Turns out it's the headquarters for [Konami Gaming Inc.](https://www.gaming.konami.com/home.aspx)

It's not hard to miss, [since the building has the company name displayed on it with huge letters](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Konami+Gaming+Inc/@36.070717,-115.151822,3a,75y,274.22h,90t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1sgH3jbXodpIo66wuxM_zt3w!2e0!4m5!1m2!2m1!1sbally+Gaming+Inc!3m1!1s0x0000000000000000:0xf65740a02c179a9a!6m1!1e1)."
"""just fine"" might be a bit of overstatement. the N64 era saw Nintendo losing most of its market share to Sony's PS1."
Konami's been making slot machines for US casinos for years. In fact if you go to any casino you'll see lots of their machines.
"While both games had great replayability with friends (especially the new and incredibly fun multiplayer modes for mario kart), I think Mario 64 had some serious depth that kept you happy for years.

Mind that it's the halcyon times when internet access was going to your fathers office to use the INTERNET or finally getting on for just long enough because it tied up the phone line until your family got that second dedicated line installed. 

You couldn't as easily look up how to do something.  Find the secrets.  Get past the boss.  You had to glean what you could from Nintendo Powers and their funny ass old website that had a scrolling elevator on the side of the site and at the very bottom in the sub-sub-sub basement were tips tricks and cheats.  

I think M64 had endurance especially since it was fundamentally fun to play.  It wasn't about the story or (sadly like many games today) a theme park where you visit each area to see one thing and move to the next.  It had unique areas with unique gimmicks but it was fun to play them.

I could play it right now and still smile.  Nostalgia definitely but nostalgia is something worth taking into account when we're talking about the console that made 3D look GOOD.

Still, I recognize  your points because I too got really tired of Diddy Kong Racing at one point in my life and remember it distinctly."
"However, on the other hand, [the Saturn had what is probably the single best controller for fighting games that has ever-existed.](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e0/Sega-Saturn-Controller-NA-Mk-II-FL.jpg/800px-Sega-Saturn-Controller-NA-Mk-II-FL.jpg)
"
"God you hit the nail on the head with this one. As a former Saturn owner, I waited for Sonic...and waited, and waited. I got the Saturn as a Christmas gift, and it came with the Christmas Nights demo. When you ran out of time, your character turned into Sonic instead of the girl/boy. This gave us hope for a 3D Sonic by showing us what it would look like. 

Nights and Panzer Dragoon were great, but not enough to carry the platform alone."
Was 999 in aus. Flopped hard until quite a while after launch.  I was working in a tv store and we sold it as a bluray player thats how bad the launch was.
"Yeah, the first one was $1000 and no one would buy it, understandably.  That is a significant chunk of cash for a gaming machine."
"I wish I could upvote this a thousand times. My mother accidentally bought me 2 of the Japanese Saturn controllers with SFA2 not too long after string the SNES ver.....words cannot describe the beauty of seeing nextgen at that time and the controller is godly for fighters....just godly. I have always, always listed it in my top 3 greatest fighting controllers/gamepads of all time."
"Yep, IIRC if you can get into the Insomniac Museum level in the second game they actually talk a bit about how much they worked together. Naughty Dog came up with the floating elevators for Jak and Daxter and let Insomniac use it is one of the big ones I remember."
"Metal Arms was a surprisingly innovative shooter for it's time, and no one really followed it's lead. It was a little bit flimsy in how your character handled, but man did it make up for it with some *really* cool levels and enemies. Taking over the biggest enemy in the room, going on a rampage, then moving in to clean up afterwards was too much fun.

I'd love to see a follow up to that fast, goofy, arcade-y kind of shooter. "
"This article is a disaster. 

First, 32X had no bearing on the success or failure of Saturn, and it wasn't ""an expensive failure."" It's brisk sales are what helped Sega to edge out Nintendo in sales in 1994, which would be the last year that Sega would have over 50 percent market share. Anytime someone ties the fate of the Saturn to the 32X they instantly lose credibility. No one has ever provided any evidence that the little add-on affected Saturn sales in any way whatsoever. 

32X was intended to have two phases. An adapter which would allow existing Genesis owners to upgrade, which is what we ended up with, and a Model 3 Genesis which would replace the Model 2 and have 32X technology built-in (Neptune). If Neptune would've been released it would've been called Genesis 32X and it would've simply replaced Genesis as the model 3 version.

Sega of America wanted to aggressively support Genesis-32X for another year or more (like Nintendo did with SNES) while it readied a stronger console for the 5th generation.

Sega of Japan would have none of that, however. They wouldn't go outside of Sega for hardware dev and they were determined to prove that SoJ was better than SoA. That's how we got Saturn, which is what destroyed consumer confidence in Sega.

Note: It may sound like I am bashing on Saturn here, but for the record I own about 70 consoles and if I had to choose only one to play for the rest of my life it'd be Saturn. 

&gt; But the order to go ahead with this curious hybrid came from Sega of Japan president Hayao Nakayama who – as incredible as it may seem today – was concerned not about the looming PlayStation, but about Atari’s Jaguar console. 

This isn't true either. Jaguar had come out in 1993 *after* 3DO, which was capable of playing games comparable to those on Saturn. In fact, many early Saturn and PSX games were 3DO ports. 

It's also preposterous that the author blames Tom Kalinske. It's true that the early U.S. launch of Saturn was a major body blow to the console, but Kalinske was wholly opposed to it, and says as much in the interview that the author cited. Kalinske knew it would be a disaster and was ordered to go ahead with it anyways. It would do the author a lot of good to read *Console Wars.*

There are a few other things in that that are incorrect or out of context, but these are by far the most egregious. 


TL;DR the article is bad and the author should feel bad. 
"
It did far more than you realize. It came out with zero games and developers didn't have enough time to catch up. Everyone was planning around September so it was a complete clusterfuck and everyone knew it. Sega was scooting along with just nothing coming. 
"The botched early release did hurt Saturn badly for a number of reasons. 

* There were few games ready and some games were released in incomplete forms (i.e. Clockwork Knight)
* It was too expensive 
* It wasn't at retail
* Retailers refused to carry Saturn as a result 
* Third parties who were planning to have launch titles ready at launch weren't ready, and many just moved to PSX development 
* There was no marketing campaign leading up to the launch 

The decision was really one of the biggest blunder's in video game history, if not the biggest. I can't think of another one that even begins to come close, and yes, I am considering both E.T. and Duke Nukem Forever. 

Then president of Sega of America Tom Kalinske details all of this in the book ""Console Wars."" He was wholly opposed to the surprise early launch. "
"Console launches are oftentimes a mess. There's always a drought of new, interesting games and prices are really not worth it. But the N64 is special because it's one of the few console launches with a game that belongs in a museum. It's pretty much a historic game."
"The anti-RPG thing ended up being really stupid after FFVII blew up. I wonder if anyone saw that and thought, ""Well shit, maybe we should have brought Grandia over?"""
"You're kidding yourself if you think you have to be good at CKII to have fun. 

I think it's fun to see 12 sons duke it out as I hit 90 years old and start on wife number seven. "
"It had loads of great 2D fighters, too. Was such a disappointment trying to play fighting games on the Dreamcast controller after coming from the Saturn. 

Still, I had more luck with the DC controller than I did with the Xbox 360 one.. At least the Saturn-inspired [fightpads](http://i.imgur.com/vBSOyRg.jpg) are a thing."
"For the real juicy stuff, I fully recommend watching the developer commentary. A full playthrough of the game by two ex members of Insomniac. They get into all the nitty gritty details of the design process. I think it's the gold standard for dev commentary. 

https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBE216F8E761D085C

Ninja edit: This is for Going Commando. They have an UYA series too. "
"At the time, you could say something similar for the NES as well. I remember when I was a kid and found out about the NES and that, whats the game called? Super Mario Bros? OMG I wanted that game so hard! Similar sentiment regarding the N64. When it launched I wanted it solely for Mario 64 and for good reason. I still replay the game occasionally to this day!"
"**Dragon Age: Origins**

I'm in Orzimmar. Hour 68~. This game is just so masterful and luscious and delicious. All aspects of this RPG are pure joy to look at and engage in. I expect I'll make yet another post or two in this thread given how thoroughly I'm moving through the game. Pick it up if you already haven't. It's an essential for RPG and fantasy lovers alike. "
"Most people got to the point where they were so invested that they felt like they were stuck with xbox. At least that's how I felt when my xbox was dying. All my friends played and all my games were on there, how could I jump platforms?"
"I appreciate your opinion on this, but I think it's tainted by the passage of time.  Mario 64 alone absolutely justified the purchase of the system because up until that point, games were only played with a d-pad. Mario 64 changed that instantly. 

I still remember clear as day how excited I was for months just to get to play Mario 64.

And the first time I touched it... In the shop on that demo unit... Holding the n64 controller with the thumb stick, moving Mario on a 3D plane.  I had never experienced that kind of thing before... Like an extension of your thoughts. My friends around me all gasped. It was truly revolutionary.

Everything you take for granted now with 3D thumb stick controls... It was all invented by Mario 64. Everything that came after it was just an iteration on that idea.

Never mind that the game still holds up today.

So yes... Mario 64 definitely justified the purchase. "
"To jump on the defensive here for a moment 3D Realms actually produced and developed a dozen games during the dev of Duke Nukem Forever including Shadow Warrior, Duke Nukem Zero Hour, Duke Nukem Time To Kill, Max Payne (originally when Remedy came to them Max Payne was an isometric shooter called Dark Justice), Max Payne 2 and Prey."
"Saturn was never Playstation's big rival, SEGA had already been killing themselves with whatever sickness caused them to produce stuff like the 32x and SegaCD. Saturn didnt even have a main series Sonic game. All it had was Panzer Dragon, the best version of Bomberman, and some pretty good versions of Multiplats.  
Nintendo had the #2 spot locked down, even with the terrible choices of staying with cartridges, snubbing Sony and Square, and that horribly designed controller."
"Wolfenstien doesn't rely on a character to spit out dated one liners constantly. The world is more important than the character. 

Duke is the opposite, it's all about the character. I can't see the reason to reboot the character instead of just swapping out for a new protagonist. "
"You're *almost* right. When SDNielsen bought out 3D Realms and all of its IP they inherited 3D Realms current asset purchase agreement with Gearbox Software that gave them permission to develop several different Duke games (the details of which can be seen here: http://i.imgur.com/Fppy11Z.png)

They don't own the rights to Duke, just the licence to develop those several titles (Duke Trilogy, Survivor which was the tentative title for Mass Destruction).

The above NeoGAF link is actually from the purchase agreement in 2010. They've been able to buy Duke back as a provision of that agreement from 5 years ago but as far as I know they can't afford it yet. The only reason this is public now is that the asset purchase agreement was included in the lawsuit as an exhibit."
Genesis also released a [6 button controller](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/Sega-Genesis-6But-Cont.jpg) that made Street Fighter II better on Genesis than SNES by a long shot.
"The issue isn't that ""The character and comedy don't work anymore"", the issue is that they try to make his character more grand than what it is. 

I think if they stayed true to the originals and focused on making a good game, rather than an emotionally driven AAA story of love and loss, showing all the complexities of a personality etc. like they are trying with nearly EVERY larger game nowadays, that Duke would be the perfect IP for today's industry. "
"Don't quote me on this, but I think one of the major problems with the dreamcast was that it simply could not fix the damage the Saturn had done. The Saturn was the last Sega console that EA fully supported. There may have been some games EA localized, but without big names like Madden and FIFA, the dreamcast couldn't compete. "
Going Commando is long too. I remember thinking it was an amazing value at the time because Ratchet games were only $40 if I remember correctly. 
"It's primarily that it's got basically the same hardware as one of Sega's arcade boards, so there were a ton of arcade ports for it, in Japan."
Vinny gets WAY into whatever he gets into. I remember when he was getting into WH40K and that's ALL he'd talk about on the podcast for weeks. 
"Personally, if I want to lose money and feel miserable playing video games then I'd prefer to do it by pre-ordering."
It's not just the buttons. It's that the Japanese Saturn controller has the best dpad of any controller ever released.
"I don't know if they are bad for gaming, but I do think it produces bad games.

There is simply no way a team can innovate on a schedule that would push out yearly releases. The games just end up near copies of each other with minor differences - a rehash of a rehash. I generally find any series with an exorbitant amount of releases pretty lackluster (looking at you AC).

However, quality problems aside, the titles sell, so why would companies stop doing it? Might as well milk the cow until it is dry."
"Watching E3 that year was hilarious (I'm going to include the early announcement from Microsoft).  It was polar opposites on the spectrum between Microsoft and Sony.  They could use it in publicity textbooks for ""what to do"" and ""Ohh god no no no no no!"""
"Yup.  I spent a good fifteen minutes at the demo kiosk, just running and jumping around the courtyard.  A few more just playing with his face on the title screen.  That game was pure magic."
"Yep. if the launch titles are blockbuster, genre defining games it doesn't matter if there are only a few of them.

But only having a few lackluster games as launch titles can easily destroy a console's reputation and sales."
"When I watched it seemed like Sony watched the Microsoft announcement, read all of the negative things, and did things intentionally to make the Xbox seem so shitty in comparison.

They're selling at $499? Change our price to $399.

They aren't talking about games? Let's talk only about games. We'll even make a big deal about indies.

The Xbox comes bundled with kinnect? Let's not even really mention peripherals, even though we have a camera, controllers with camera sensitive light bars, and we're working on VR. 

"
" I'm so tired of this circlejerk. The N64 DID NOT DO JUST FINE. Nintendo had practically a monopoly on the console market and the N64 RUINED their market share. It did NOT do just fine. Why is reddit so obsessed with trying to change the history of the N64? 

It used BLATANTLY and INEXCUSABLY out of date technology and got completely destroyed by the Playstation. These are not big words that I'm using for effect, these are what actually happened. 

Give it a decade and I'm sure we'll be talking about how the N64 out sold the Playstation with how much reddit is trying to change history. "
Community Test Environment. It seems to be like beta access for new maps/features if you are a premium member.
"Yea they would have already seen the Microsoft announcement a few weeks before, seen all the flack Microsoft was already taking, and know how to format their message at E3.  The sharing games video was the one that really seemed spur of the moment where as for the rest Microsoft gave them an easy heads up about what they needed to do to get the public on their side.  Microsoft screwed up big time with the early announcement and then didn't try to change their message going into E3 based of the awful reception, they seemed to double down on it.  Sony even seem smug at E3 knowing that Microsoft had handed them this generation of consoles on a golden platter."
"After foolishly trying to play Mortal Kombat 9 on the PC with an X360 pad, I went and dug out my PS2 Saturn pad and a PS2/USB converter.  So, so much better.  The decline of good d-pads is disturbing."
"&gt; The N64 launched early and with a whopping two titles, and did just fine.

It flopped compared to the SNES."
"It's funny how Crash effortlessly supplanted Sonic in every way. He had the anti-Mario attitude and the game had the same kind of flow and style as Sonic games, but in 3D. SEGA never even tried to counter Crash."
"You are correct.  And just to state the difference.  

The n64 sold 32.93 million consoles,  The SNES sold 49.1 million 

The ps1 alone sold 102.49 million making it the second highest non portable console of all time.  "
"Duke's flavour was all about the character, but that's not why people played it. Beneath all the 80s macho cliches it was a really interestingly designed game. All they have to advertise in a modern rendition is the jetpack, shrink-ray and hologram and it's already standing taller on its own two feet than most other AAA FPSs.

Sure they were the best levels, but all you have to do is play the first four missions of Duke3D to see why it's remembered so fondly. It melded large open environments with tiny compact areas, organically discovered setpieces with scripted events, it's one of the very few games to really try to work with vertical spaces, it littered its levels with secret areas and items to discover, the guns all felt responsive, powerful and worked best in different situations and against different enemies from each other. There's a lot to work with there besides Duke's character I think."
"&gt; but one title alone isn't enough for most people to justify a console purchase

Microsoft disagrees.

Halo was a system seller all by itself."
"Indeed, when looking at threads like these it looks like an alternate reality. The N64 was a massive failure for all I knew back then, magazines kept comparing N64 to PSX right and left and the N64 lost right about everywhere. It did have a lot of great titles, but not nearly enough to compete with the PSX (that's how we called it, not PS1, now get off my lawn...).

I have no idea how it was internationally, but in Germany we called the N64 ""fog machine"", due to its low viewing distance and its overuse of fog as a vehicle to conceal it.

Same for the Gamecube, btw. It was a nice machine, it had a lot of great games, but it could never seriously compete against the PS2. It's just somehow Reddit has a different perception of what happened back then."
"&gt; That would have been a disaster.

In the context Sega would've replaced Genesis with a unit that had a 32X built in. Project Neptune would've been the model 3 Genesis. Supporting the Genesis, with or without a 32X built in, for another year while Sega developed better hardware, perhaps out of the M2 technology which was offered to them, would've been a better idea than releasing Saturn. 

This is what Nintendo did with SNES (except they used FX chips instead of upgrading the console) and it's part of the reason why SNES ended up eclipsing Genesis in sales. 

&gt; That would have been a disaster. You focus on brisk sales from early adopters but ignore the fact that 32X sales soon bottomed off and that it's generally regarded as a commercial failure. Sega couldn't sit around and wait for their arcade Model 2 hits to grow stale without a proper home version. With the Saturn, they were able to release excellent home versions of Sega Rally and Virtua Fighter 2.

I am not arguing that the 32X didn't end up being a commercial failure. I am putting that failure squarely on the fact that the internal politics between Sega of America and Sega of Japan is what led to not only the failure of 32X but also the failure of the Saturn. 

In context, Sega of America is where all of Sega's success came from during the fourth generation. It was Sega of America that came up with the idea of both the SVP chip and the 32X. The SVP chip was only used in Virtua Racing which was a $99 cart. The 32X was $150 and the games were a lot better and only $30 to $50. In fact, its version of Virtua Fighter was considered to be substantially better than the Saturn version until the Remix came out. 

It was also Sega of America that brought Sony to the table with the prospect of making a joint console where they'd split the losses on the hardware and keep 100 percent of the profits for the games that they each published. For Sega this was a sweetheart deal and Sony was a lot farther along with PSX than Sega was with Saturn. Sega of America also had a really good working relationship with Sony via Sony Imagesoft. A lot of people don't know this, but Sega and Sony were partners on Sega CD. Kalinske states that Sony probably paid for 50 percent of the R&amp;D on their own. It was important for both companies to understand how to successfully develop games on optical disc because they knew that would be the future. 

Sega of America also brought SGi to the table. Their tech became the basis for the N64. They also brought the M2 technology to the table. 

Sega of Japan shot down Sega of America on each of these offers and went full steam on Saturn. They also let Sega of America develop 32X knowing that they were putting Saturn on a timeline that was about a year ahead of what Sega of America thought. They kept SoA in the dark and shot them down because SoJ wanted to prove that they were able to be successful without SoA's help; which wasn't the case with Mega Drive/Genesis. 

So yeah, 32X was a commercial failure, but not on its own merit, but because internally Sega was filled with cancer that was killing it from the inside. This is my core point. That it wasn't 32X that damaged Sega's rep or affected Saturn sales. It was Sega's really, really bad decisions. In all honestly Saturn shouldn't have been released when it was or in the state it was released in. Also 32X shouldn't have been released if Saturn was coming out when it was. "
"It doesn't ""pander to Xbox premium users"". If you know anything about how DICE balances their games, you would know that they base all of their models around PC gameplay. That includes spread, recoil, damage, etc. PC gameplay =/= console gameplay. This is an opportunity to learn what console players need and how console gameplay differs from PC gameplay. This is an opportunity to compare data from the hardcore PC crowd against the hardcore console crowd. Only good can come out of it. "
"Oh.. Shenmue. I don't think I know a single friend who remembers , or even knows what that is. The game was magical."
The reason that good d-pads weren't avaiable was because the good designs had patents. Those patents expired recently and the Xbone controller now has a Nintendo-style dpad.
"&gt; but one title alone isn't enough for most people to justify a console purchase.

I really think this shows a categorical misunderstanding of the marketplace at the time. I remember it, I lived through it all since the 80's.

One game definitely WAS enough to make someone purchase a console back then. Brand loyalty was also exponentially more fierce than it is today in regards to consoles. PC gaming wasn't really a huge thing in most homes, as most homes didn't even have a PC at that point."
"No, the Dreamcast was the hero that just couldn't quite rescue Sega.

It was a beautiful hail Mary pass that was caught in the end zone with 2 seconds left in a game where the team was down by ten points."
"The first one was pretty perfect when it came to gameplay and difficulty, but on the 2nd and 3rd ones they really ramped up the difficulty. 

Though I think of the 3 games, Jak II had the best story, but Jak 3 had better gameplay than II and stayed more loyal to the platforming genre of the original game."
"People should put links in their comments when they reference something. Especially if they're recommending the thing they reference!

Here's part 1: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58Ab2xw7hVE"
"The lack of SCART RGB was upsetting too. We had been using that since the late 70s here. The N64 actually felt like a step backward in terms of picture quality - a blurry mess (textures did not help, but gosh the composite encoder inside that console was just absolute crap)."
"Perceptions that the n64 was a lot more popular than it was, is probably because much of reddit would have been children back then and the fact the n64 did better in North America compared to other regions. 

&gt;It used BLATANTLY and INEXCUSABLY out of date technology

You're talking about cartridges right? N64 games generally looked much better otherwise. "
"&gt;First, 32X had no bearing on the success or failure of Saturn

The saturn came our very soon after the 32x, the 32x also wasn't well supported with games. The Sega people I knew were really mad at that and never bought a sega console again. Even if they weren't mad, after you spent $200+ on the 32X and games, having another free $400+ for the a saturn 7 months later was tough to ask (especially with it's surprise launch)."
"Their Youtube channel mostly exists for having an alternative way to put videos and it's just that. Giantbomb is not one of those usual ""Youtubers"". They have their own site, forum, community. I really like listening to their weekly podcast. But it's just one of those things where you have to get to know them before enjoying them. I can see most people watching their Quick Looks and just say ""meh"". I discovered them years ago and I know enough about them to enjoy their content. Also, they're not the usual ""professional video game journalism"" people. Whatever they do, streams, quick looks, random videos, they're mostly just goofing around enjoying games rather than being serious about them. 

Anyway, just go and check out www.giantbomb.com if you want to know more."
"&gt; The Sega Genesis was neck and neck with the SNES for most of the 4th generation, and it's only near the end (and during 5th gen when sales continued) that the SNES outright took the lead from Sega.

In the US. Genesis didn't fare as well in most other markets. "
I would also like to add the whole uDraw disaster to the most horrible decisions in the video game industry. It is generally considered the main reason for THQs bankruptcy.
"Waverace continues to be one of the biggest surprises in gaming for me. Yeah, N64 had two games, as mentioned before. Waverace comes out like a month or two after launch and I bought it just to have something else to play. Didn't know anything about it. And of course, as everyone now knows, it was fucking incredible. Love, love, love that game. They really need a third one. "
"&gt;I have a really hard time believing that.

That buying a unsupported product would sour people? 

Remember it was also a chain of it. the Sega CD came out - moderate support, 32x came out - no support, Saturn came out - little support NA, DC came out - people jumped ship for Sony. Sega really burned people. I mean my best friend was hardcore sega. Master system + genesis + Sega CD. After the 32X; he never bought another sega system and even shuns sega games. I had to pull teeth for him to try valkyria chronicles.

People held grudges that the PS3 came out so expensive. People held grudges that the 360 failed so much. I know people who swore off one or the either because of that. The great NA crash happened because Atari burned parents with a slew of garbage official games and metric tonnes of unlicensed garbage. "
[Don't forget the immense burns about everything Microsoft fucked up on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_sK6v_zsqU)
"&gt; I refuted 2 of them

I'd like to hear these refutations, if I may. They might not have been as convincing as you intended."
"Usually much more, in fact. Samsung released one of the first Blu-ray players commercially and it was around $1000. In 2006 a PS3 was a very reasonably priced Blu-ray player that just happened to play video games and have an internal hard drive.

At the time I remember the main reason I got a PS3 for Christmas 2007 was because my mom wanted to watch her new Blu-ray movies."
"As an owner of a R9 290 getting dips at &gt;30fps at 1080p in Pcars is completely unacceptable :/. I hope AMD can somehow fix this and it'll hurt Nvidia's reputation a little, shit like this is unacceptable. Keep the exclusivity bullshit for consoles please.

Also it sounds like SMS knew it would make AMD cards run like shit and didn't care at all, now I feel dumb that I bought the game "
"&gt; This is how the free market works folks.

No, actually that is not how the free market works. Free doesnt mean it doesnt have regulations."
"TL;DR, the uDraw was an okay success on the Wii and did fineish. THQ decided that means it would be a super success on the Ps3/360 and made a metric fuck ton of them, but they didn't sell at all."
"Ding. Project Cars has the dubious honour of both killing a Titan X at 1080p with no AA, and making a 760 beat a 290x.

[Isn't it wonderful?](http://i.imgur.com/BTM7VfL.png)

[Sorry, a Titan X isn't good enough.](http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--3XGUFhwR--/c_fit,fl_progressive,q_80,w_636/1247526562081178029.png)

 "
"&gt; Also it sounds like SMS knew it would make AMD cards run like shit and didn't care at all, now I feel dumb that I bought the game 

As much as everyone loves to get wrapped up in the endless nvidia/AMD war, this is the key point for me as someone who might buy the game/sim. 

Simply put, if I'm buying it, I'm the customer of SMS (not nvidia), so they should be working to provide me with the best product they can. Looking on the purchasing pages there's nothing to indicate that it heavily prefers one GPU vendor over the other, nothing to indicate that some of their customers will get a sub-par experience. It seems basic ""don't shit where you eat"" (for want of a better phrase) strategy.

Hell, it's their product so they could go and make it fully nvidia exclusive if they wanted, but that's not usually a path to success and tying a game to one specific set of hardware hasn't really worked for anyone in the past (Cellfactor)."
"Can someone explain this to me? I've been looking into this stuff(seeing how my Titan black might not have been the best purchase) 
I get that the 980 is cheaper because it's smaller, and that's why it's on par with my card, but why doesn't the Titan X outperform it?"
"There's entirely too much misinformation in that post.  The fact that there's a performance differential between Win8.1 and Win10 *explicitly* makes it an issue with the software backend and not the game itself.

Both Windows versions run the game using DX11 and Win10 does not run the game using DX12 no matter what anyone says.  Throwing DX feature levels into the mix with some inexistent 'lanes to the CPU' is just nonsense.  If it's a reference to deferred contexts (aka multithreaded rendering) then it's actually the reverse where nvidia drivers support it universally and AMD need it added on a per application basis.  

http://i.imgur.com/Oo4bvks.png"
"There's a lot of hate directed at nvidia in that thread for what is entirely a situation Project Cars put themselves in.

"
"Probably because NVidia enabled it.

Or because they don't let AMD optimise their cards for Gameworks features."
"Can't take an article seriously when it has a title that looks like it was taken straight from the mouth of buzzfeed.

""why we should be worried for the future?"" this shit between AMD and Nvidia has been going on for years and sensationalising the title doesn't change that."
"&gt;I hope AMD can somehow fix this

There's nothing AMD can do, Project Cars decided to use free libraries that were made by nvidia to save money having to developing their own. These libraries favour nvidia hardware(*Shocking!*) and are closed sourced.

This was a design choice they made all by themselves they took the easy road."
"Enabled what? Enabled any and all developers an opportunity to use a plethora of free graphics libraries that nvidia developed themselves? Wow, what a bunch of bastards!

Or that they don't want to give any advantage to the competition? Wow, if I'm in the business of making money I surely want to do that! My shareholders would love me!

Y'know this isn't the 1st gameworks title, right? this is just the first one that the **Developers** fucked up on. Shift your hate off into that direction."
"Firstly, I want to say that I kneel to no company. I buy what is presumably best for my money. I had a GTX 580 for years, which I bought from a great sale, and stumbled upon a new R9 290 non-reference for 200€ a while back, so I knew I had to go for it. The cheapest GTX 970 at the moment would cost more than 150€ extra for slightly more fps (1440p) and better perf / watt ratio, and it's not like the consumption is much different when compared to my old GTX 580 anyway.

Let's put it out of the way that AMD has worse DX11 drivers. About stability, I can only wonder, but definitely in performance, especially with lower-end CPUs. DigitalFoundry noticed this a while back. We get it, we know it. AMD seems to be banking on DX12 / Vulcan to pass the mantle of Mantle on to, which is kind of disheartening to see if it means unoptimal performance for now. At least they've managed to support their older cards better (HD7970 vs GTX 680 anyone).

But what is happening here is something else. This isn't just drivers. This isn't just AMDs components being significantly worse than their nVidia counterparts.

We have probably all heard about GameWorks by this point. nVidia pays or enables developers to use their toolkit, and this is problematic for AMD because the GameWorks features are proprietary and AMD has no reasonable way to get their performance to the levels where it realistically should be. [This Batman game got quite a bit of attention, that's GTX770 vs R9 290.
](http://www.extremetech.com/extreme/173511-nvidias-gameworks-program-usurps-power-from-developers-end-users-and-amd)

Now, what seems to be happening with Project cars, is that Slightly Mad Studios (the developer) chose to use PhysX to simulate physics in their driving game. The version of the PhysX which they are using, mainly uses CPU but can offload some calculations to the GPU. Usually, if you can use a GPU of calculation of any kind, it is much, much faster. CPU is like the smart but slow worker, but if you can give the dumb but faster worker (GPU) something to do, it gets it done much faster. Now, SMS could have used some other solution for physics or make sure the physics wouldn't be disproportionally taxing when using AMD cards, but they didn't do that. SMS claims that nVidia gave them no money to do this, but they did receive marketing money and the game has plenty of nVidia adds, so the conflict of interest is clearly there - even if that money wasn't earmarked for purpose X.

EDIT: PhysX on GPUs is nVidia only and they own the technology.

This has been happening before AMD publicly said that Gameworks is anti-competitive behavior.[ Crysis 2 had lots of needless tessellation and even water under the map and other objects which was one feature where nVidia had a significant performance advantage.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYL07c74Jr4&amp;feature=player_embedded) This caused a heavy performance bias towards nVidia, and it brought next to no gain in visuals.

If you are an nVidia user, think it like this. What if a game required you to do bitcoin calculations? Just as pointless as tessellating all that water under the map. What if a game relied heavily on sounds and only offered you a proper sound simulation through TruAudio? ^rip ^in ^pepperonis ^EAX What if a game actually used thousands of light sources and draw calls, supported DX11 but would, due to technical limitations, be only playable when using the Mantle API?"
"This is the first title to use a proprietary feature from Gameworks as a core feature of the game.

I'll use Warframe as an example. Warframe uses PhysX. This can be enabled or disabled on NVidia cards. An AMD user cannot enable it, but it's just eye candy. It doesn't affect the game.

Project Cars uses PhysX. This cannot be disabled. It is not just eyecandy, unlike Warframe. It is used at the base physics engine of the game and it cannot function without it. It must be run regardless of you having an NVidia or AMD card. As a result, it forces CPU PhysX if you have an AMD card. This makes the game run horribly. "
"I was holding off on getting Assetto Corsa to see how Project Cars would turn out. And in the light of this I think there isn't even a doubt in my mind that I should get Assetto Corsa.

I'll vote with my wallet."
"&gt; Or because they don't let AMD optimise their cards for Gameworks features.

This IS NVidia's fault. TressFX ran like ass on NVidia cards. AMD gave them the source code. NVidia optimised it. It no longer runs like ass. There is no reason that this could not happen with Gameworks, and as such I believe NVidia should share the blame.

Side note - do you really want to see games locked to one brand? I own a PC for a reason."
"I was really looking forward to this game, but now I am glad I didn't buy it. I will buy Dirt Rally instead, even if that is AMD sponsored game it works just as well on Nvidia cards.

I will not support a studio that uses proprietary shit like this nor do I support a vendor that makes it. 

I just hope Witcher 3 won't be bogged down like this and Watch Dogs was, Hairworks can be disabled thankfully."
"Yep. AMD can do nothing unless NVidia release the source code for PhysX to them and allow it to be run on AMD cards.

[Which they blatantly have no intention of doing.](http://www.vrworld.com/2014/07/31/nvidia-disables-gpu-physx-2nd-non-nv-gpu-installed/)"
Worst case yet. Proprietary NVidia feature that cannot be used on AMD cards is used as a required part of a game.
"No they didn't, Nvidia didn't get access to the game code before release and couldn't get a driver out. The game also required a patch before the issue was fixed as well. at the time of release and months afterwards no Nvidia GPU could get over 40 FPS With TressFX turned on. "
On the bright side I just saved money and time by never even having to consider buying project cars or any future SMS games. 
"No. The bar size is frames per second. Bigger is better.




In addition to screwing over AMD it seems they also don't support past generation nvidia"
"The references to DX12 in that thread do more harm than good.  The real problem is PhysX being offloaded to the CPU on AMD systems.

Most PhysX games (500+ at this point) use non-hardware accelerated PhysX, which means it will run the same on both Nvidia and AMD hardware since it doesn't utilize the GPU whatsoever.  Project Cars does use hardware-accelerated PhysX, meaning those elements were designed to be run on an Nvidia GPU.  Without the ability to disable those features, those calculations are being made on the CPU for anyone running an AMD video card.

Since AMD has some CPU overhead issues with their drivers, they can take some steps to alleviate the problem *but they can never totally fix it*.  Any slight CPU optimizations DX11 makes, or AMD makes in their driver, will cause performance to drastically increase since it shifts the bottleneck back to the GPU.

But unless there's a way to completely disable PhysX in Project Cars, it will always run worse on AMD.  The real issue here is SMS'/Nvidia's approach to PhysX in this game.  And also the fact that Ian Bell lied."
I really don't know why people are surprised by this as Nvidia has been doing this for a very long time.
"Wasn't this a rumour from an unconfirmed source?

Although it does seem it is the case, I still hold out hope for pretty graphics."
"You learn pretty quick developers will take the path of least resistance. Why spend millions on creating your own FX,AA,Physics when you can just take it off the nvidia shelf for free. All they ask in return is putting some nvidia branding on your game and use the hell outa those effects.

There's some apps that are IOS exclusive that I really want on my android, I'm not angry at apple for it though. That's how things have been and will be for the foreseeable future."
"&gt; The real problem is PhysX being offloaded to the CPU on AMD systems.

It happens on both, I think?  You cannot process gameplay physics on the GPU unless the data gets fed back to the CPU.  Which hasn't been the case in a single game that I know of.  GPU physics are otherwise only good for post-effects.

I'll restate from another post that it's an easy test for anyone with an nvidia GPU who has the game; just go into the control panel and tell it to process PhysX using the CPU.  If performance drops to Radeon levels then it's a game issue.  If it doesn't then it's an AMD driver issue.

http://i.imgur.com/maOjXds.png"
If you think its a rumor check this comparison made by a german reviewer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIS5WHx4xDk
"And this was a possible outcome for many years, but most developers aren't useless. The game's developers are the ones that have no clue wtf they're doing not nVidia. nVidia isn't telling people to cripple the game on AMD hardware nVidia is releasing things to increase the value of their products, but when a developer misuses something like Physx and it cripples AMD cards everyone goes around acting like it was nVidia attacking AMD. 

That isn't what's happening here at all. What is happening here is nVidia developed a technology and didn't give it to their competition which is honestly completely acceptable. Some company then took that technology which has always been an addition thing for people with nVidia cards not a requirement for the game and made it a requirement for their game. That's simply stupidity from the developers. 

Attacking nVidia instead of the shit developers is silly. Not that Project Cars looks like a good sim anyway. Looks super arcadey for a sim which defeats the purpose. I had no intention on getting Project Cars, and if this developer is unable to do things right I wont be following their other games either. "
"More like framerates would shit themselves if you weren't running SLI titans and weren't moving on the pre-designated rails they use for trailers.

Very early trailers are BEST GUESSES as to how optimised they can make the game, what comes out at release is how far they actually got."
"Oh well, next car simulation game please...

There's really no reason to support this type of practice as it only hurts consumers."
"&gt;Massive (and pointless) additional tesselation in Batman and Crysis 2 come to mind here.

Sounds like an issue with the developers of Batman and Crysis 2, no?"
"This development has been a long time coming. What Nvidia has been doing over the past years is down-right anti-competitive and anti-consumer behavior.

It had to blow up in their face at some point and I hope this point has come."
"&gt; Project Cars uses PhysX. This cannot be disabled. It is not just eyecandy, unlike Warframe. It is used at the base physics engine of the game and it cannot function without it. It must be run regardless of you having an NVidia or AMD card. As a result, it forces CPU PhysX if you have an AMD card. This makes the game run horribly. 

So, what you are saying is that the *developers* fucked up."
"If you own the game on a platform like Steam, could you please write a negative review saying that the game's devs practically don't treat some of it's customers right, and they made the game run like crap on AMD cards (even though they knew what would happen)?

I'm just thinking about different ways to discourage this kind of behavior from both Nvidia and game developers. "
"It's not a hivemind. And it's not a pure beta either. It's a constantly changing build they use not just for bf4 but for the entirety of the frostbite engine. Good grief.
"
"Gamestar are one of the biggest, if not the biggest, PC gaming magazines in Germany. They already have a pre-release PC version ready to play."
"PhysX was initially planned for smoke effects and also water spray in the rain but that was canned in the middle of development due to lack of time. At the end, I dont even know what Gameworks is for as there isnt anything that I know in pCARS that is using Gameworks exclusively. 

The developers claimed that AMD had been giving them cold shoulder since October last year despite they had been trying to contact AMD to work with them to optimise the game for AMD cards. Take that as a pinch of salt."
"This was the biggest thing that stood out to me, and it wasn't even a major part of OP's article. A game needs to be made with DX12 in order to use DX12.  You can't just run a DX11 game on Windows 10 and make it use DX12 features. 

If he misunderstood this very simple concept, how many of the other facts he references in that thread has he misunderstood? Furthermore, assuming his Windows 8.1 vs Windows 10 performance numbers are correct (and not just pulled out of his ass), where is that 20-50% performance increase coming from? "
"This is like complaining that a game designed for VR won't work as well without a VR headset. nVidia is the only company that decided to compete in the hardware accelerated physics market. 

AMD decided that hardware accelerated Havok was 'the future', backed that horse, and that was clearly the wrong choice (especially considering Intel wouldn't license AMD to allow it to be accelerated on their GPUs). 

If AMD had wanted to be a major player in the hardware accelerated physics department, they should have actually had a competitive solution. A company has no right to expect a competitor to help them out."
"In your list there's nothing indicating that the game will receive a graphic-related update.

I'm not saying the game looks bad but the patch probably won't for example increase the reduced draw distance as seen in the video or less NPCs in the city. Look at the footage from the tavern @5.09 in the video. The trailer tavern features way better lightning."
Rachet and Clank GC was probably my favorite game as a child and this is great to be able to watch. However the quality on these videos are horrible. 
"I detest stuff like this. Exclusive features that only run on some of the hardware only end up harming the customer in the end. Nvidia loves doing crap like this. AMD at least has a habit of making their features open source so everyone can use it. I was pretty into Project Cars, and currently do have a Nvidia card, but I""m not going to buy it now. I don't like encouraging such behaviour since it does not benefit me in any way as a customer. Poor form SMS/Nvidia, poor form, you should be ashamed that greed got the better of you."
"This probably wasn't a free library deal for SMS - given the advertising that Nvidia get in GameWorks games, Nvidia probably threw a substantial amount of cash at SMS to use GameWorks.  And now SMS are paying the price by alienating their AMD customers and losing precious reputation."
"I would definitely suggest notifying customers via Steam reviews for this. People need to know before they make a poor purchasing decision, which this explicitly is."
"They're quite different games when it comes to single-player.  AC is more of a traditional racing sim like rFactor and GTR2 - the single-player mode is rudimentary and the meat is in the multiplayer.  Project Cars is more like Forza/Gran Turismo, in that it has a meaty career mode."
"The problem here isn't really nVidia or PhysX, it's the devs forcing on hardware accelerated PhysX features which really should never be done. As far as I know those features are only ever eye-candy anyway like smoke and particle effects."
"PhysX is a physics API just like Havok. The only parts of it which are hardware accelerated are eye-candy stuff like smoke and partical effects. The rest of it runs on the CPU regardless of which graphics card you have. There's over 500 games which use PhysX, the vast majority of which have no hardware accelerated features whatsoever.

PhysX here is not the reason it runs like shit on AMD cards, the problem lies elsewhere. Someone posted [this](http://i.imgur.com/WDJdFlF.png) above. It's showing the diference in performance on a nVidia card with hardware accelerated PhysX on and off. You will notice that when forcing it on the CPU it doesn't tank performance which would be the case if most of the PhsyX processing was requiring an nVidia GPU. It's pretty obvious something else is the cause of poor performance on AMD cards."
"Nvidia has probably thrown cash at hundreds of developers on advertising deals over the years, same goes with AMD.

The difference is this has been the first developer in awhile who has made poor design decisions that, as you said, has alienated a specific vendor badly and most importantly they are among the **MANY** developers recently who haven;t done enough to optimise their game."
"&gt;if you still think that games are going to look like their early, early trailers then you are very naive.

[I just want games to look like the 30 minutes of gameplay demonstration they put out.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xx8kQ4s5hCY)

It's not like we're comparing this to a 2 minute announcement trailer from E3 2013, we're comparing to 30 minutes of ""gameplay"" (in their words). To want the same quality that they showed isn't naive or being entitled or demanding, it's just asking for what they showed us the gameplay would look like.

And it wasn't ""Early, early trailers"" either, it was 10 months ago, over 1 year later than it's first ""early, early"" trailers."
"&gt;Like I said, if it riles you up this much, don't buy it.

And why does that make it acceptable for companies to lie and deceive customers?

&gt;I still think it looks amazing

It looks like a solid 2015 game. But that doesn't mean they haven't lied to all their customers on the visual fidelity. Saying that ""Well I mean it still looks good"" is an excuse for them to lie about what their product was, and it certainly isn't a acceptable response to deflect criticism on that fact.

If a company sells you the Mona Lisa and then delivers The Last Supper, the correct response would be ""What the fuck happened to my Mona Lisa"" not ""Oh well this is good ^too ^^i ^^^guess""
"
"Thanks, that's exactly the info I was hoping for.

Which, again, suggests that it's an issue with the software backend rather than the game itself.  "
"I don't understand this. If the point is to cater only to lowest common denominator, then what's the point of making a market for high-end PC hardware. The point of PC gaming is being able to select your hardware, and get as much graphical fidelity as you can, while not being bogged down by lower-end users.  "
"&gt; an entire physics system that's running on the GPU.

That's not what PhysX is at all. The only parts which are hardware accelerated are eye-candy features like smoke and particals. Nothing Project Cars is doing even runs on the GPU."
"Here's a 280X owner getting over 100 FPS on both Win8.1 and Win10:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzFe5OOHZko

Using the modded Windows 10 driver he's still seeing a gain of about 20-30% just from the OS alone.

Here's a 980 SLi owner experiencing a PhysX-related CPU bottleneck:

http://steamcommunity.com/app/234630/discussions/0/613957600537550716/

&gt;problem solved
&gt;
&gt;Nividia Panel -&gt; PhysX - &gt; CPU = 25fps 40% GPU
&gt;
&gt;Nividia Panel -&gt; PhysX - &gt; Defult = 60fps 100% GPU 

I'd really like to see a benchmarking website do a comprehensive test (AnandTech, HardOCP, etc) since they have all the resources available."
"You don't care about what people think? Hm, odd, perhaps you should of not replied as if you did then.

You want to try and defend a company that lied? Okay, sure, why not.   
You want to defend that company and then try and pretend it doesn't matter to you when you can't think up a response? That's cute."
Did you ever consider that not everyone has been in the PC gaming world as long as you or others?  There are folks that have built their first rig within the last few months that don't know these things.
"No, it was confirmed by the devs, but instead of owning up to it they tried to argue semantics and treated their customers like idiots instead of just admitting they had to consolidate to a single build for the poorest performing platform because they didn't have the time and/or money to make different builds for each system.

At first they tried to lie and say there was no downgrade, now they say it's impossible to downgrade an unreleased product. 

http://www.techtimes.com/articles/52663/20150513/the-witcher-3-did-cd-projekt-reds-rpg-get-a-graphical-downgrade.htm

Here is what was downgraded: http://i.imgur.com/XEhrx6c.jpg

And here are the developers most recent response where they dodge the issue and start arguing semantics instead of just owning up: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IU9rlkCOk9E

All you really need to do is watch the [35 min gameplay video](https://youtu.be/pYuGNC2DKzA?t=31) from a a few months back and compare it to [current footage](https://youtu.be/CeBo25PBzE4?t=734), there is a black and white difference."
"The PhysX SDK doesn't provide support for accelerating general physics, it's publically available, I don't understand why you feel like there's a statement where Nvidia came out and said ""Can't do this with it"". They never advertise or demo it being used for this kind of physics work. This would add several complications:

1. The engine developers have to implement support for it. You now have a bunch of information coming back from the GPU that needs to be used for other stuff. Additional code has to be written.

2. A ton of latency is added. You're now going from the CPU to the GPU to the CPU again and back to the GPU.

3. CPU is sitting idle unable to continue while the already overworked GPU calculates physics. 


None of the hundreds of games that use it for that can accelerate it, they still have dedicated physics threads. I've worked extensively with UE4 and UE3, you can't accelerate it. So the devs for all those games basically all passed up free performance at no added development cost, is what you're saying? Not to mentioned that a bunch of people are forcing CPU PhysX in CARS and see no difference.

If you think it's a myth, between the PhysX SDK source, and the source for engines that use it like UE4, you should be able to easily disprove this."
"&gt; Maybe these libraries were the way they can provide the best product they can.

If it doesn't run at least half-decently on my system, than at least for me, it's not even close to being the 'best product'."
"I really hate to be that guy, but I can't imagine the average joe or hell the average gamer getting into it while it looks as dated as it does."
So... is BF4 going to become the definitive battlefield game for a good while at least? It sounds like they're not even close to done with it despite there already being a 'sequel' out. I'm loving the amount of support it's getting.  
"Point taken. But I still think the PR gameplay experience is unique in the gaming industry. For instance, I only started playing last year and while I definitely had to look past the dated graphics at first I immediately became hooked after my first round. Having played the game for a few months now and gone through [moments similar to this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5B6PINxMhfo) I don't even notice the graphics any more. That's how good the gameplay is and I think it's quite telling that for the past 10 years not a single modern game has been able to replicate that feeling.

In any case, [SQUAD is now on the horizon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yF_5XdhBhRc) and will hopefully get a lot more new players interested in this genre."
"This is in itself, misleading.

The reason the game runs better on W10 is because the DX12 drivers have a better headroom for AMD drivers. This leaves more room for CPU-forced PhysX implementation. Even though the game is straight-up a DX11 game, the drivers themselves leave more room for the CPU-forced PhysX implementation - exactly as OP says.

In short - yes, the PhysX is also responsible for *these* results, too. Ultimately, PhysX is *forced* onto the CPU in a very inefficient manner for those using AMD cards (you can force CPU acceleration even with an Nvidia card, which tanks both GPU usage and framerate, also, clear evidence of what is being said), whilst Nvidia cards allow for GPU calculation of PhysX. 

But you know, the /r/Games mods are more than happy to flag this as 'misleading' since a single comment itself misleads the community even more!

Edit: For those saying 'The Nvidia rep said it doesn't use hardware acceleration!', feast your eyes on [this](http://physxinfo.com/), in which Project Cars is listed with a big, green tick in the column for 'hardware acceleration'. The rep is *misinformed*."
"What's important to understand is that PR has always had lots of devs and contributors. So while a few devs might have moved on to SQUAD there are still lots of very dedicated people left that are constantly working on improving PR, even now, 10 years after its first release."
"They mostly test network changes, gameplay changes, weapon balance and the likes and then take feedback from people who have tried it out. Its basically allowing people to test potential future updates and to chip in with their thoughts and suggestions. Its the reason the game has gone from being in a poor state to what is now arguably a better state than what should have been its successor."
"I think the funniest thing about gameworks is that it's unoptimized for Kepler, not just AMD.  In some benchmarks a GTX960 outperforms a 780"
"Not a stupid question at all. The ArmA3 mod [Tactical Battlefield](http://www.tacticalbattlefield.net/forum/) was inspired by PR and is actually codeveloped by some PR devs. 

But as for the base game, [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5WVDyinuHs&amp;feature=youtu.be) does a very good job at explaining the differences between PR/SQUAD, ArmA, and Insurgency."
"[Counter-evidence](http://steamcommunity.com/app/234630/discussions/0/613957600537550716/)

&gt;problem solved

&gt;Nividia Panel -&gt; PhysX - &gt; CPU = 25fps 40% GPU

&gt;Nividia Panel -&gt; PhysX - &gt; Defult = 60fps 100% GPU

W/ 2 GTX 980's, getting 25fps with PhysX on CPU, 60fps on GPU. 

Your guys account has two comments, no video proof, etc.

The video you posted has a monstrously strong i7 which is overclocked, which gives him a lot of CPU room to calculate PhysX on. "
That's just nvidia being Apple.  They cripple their own older cards to force their customers to upgrade to newer generation cards.  That's our reward for being loyal to Nvidia. 
Dirt Rally is currently being given away with new AMD cards too! One week after I bought my R9 290 when there was no free game deal on of course :/
"That's not true at all. Various arma communities like Shac Tactical, United Operations and 15th MEU have played with over 100 players many times, very successfully. It is a different experience to PR, it requires a very high degree of organisation and mission makers who really know what they are doing, but it can be done quite well. "
"Looking at here and in that post, there is so much misinformation everywhere, I really don't know where to begin.

Both in these comments and in that thread/those comments.

----

[Also OP was blatantly making shit up.](http://www.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/comments/366iqs/nvidia_gameworks_project_cars_and_why_we_should/crc3ro1)"
"&gt; These libraries favour nvidia hardware(Shocking!) and are closed sourced.

In [this](https://steamcommunity.com/app/234630/discussions/0/540734792953723817/) steam forum a Project Cars developer state:

&gt;We do not favor anyone, we work closely with both. And there have been performance improvements lately for both sides, we even got to the point were we had to remove an optimization because it wouldnt work with AMD cards, ""penalizing"" nvidia users. :) Go read a bit more about AMD drivers optimization and how they work, consult info on what are the similarities between developing on PC and Next-Gen consoles, you'll see it's nothing like you imagine and much different.

Project Cars seems to deny favoring Nvidia only tech. He even says that they removed an optimization for nvidia users. I don't own Project Cars, but is this true? I can't find any more info on this."
"History repeating : 3DFX optimized games, then Direct-X and the death of 3DFX, now NVidia optimized games... until maybe a cross-platform physics API to rule it all..."
"So they'll get it out of the door and work on a distinct PC configuration, eventually releasing it for free, going by their track record. A little bit of a shame but nothing worth pissing our pants over."
I'm pretty sure the developers for Project Cars knew what they were getting in to when chosing to use the nvidia libraries.
"I'm pretty sure Nvidia knew what would happen if they created, and pushed, free libraries that don't work well with the hardware of their competitor."
"The thing is if they'd just *admitted* that it wasn't as good, maybe apologized a bit and owned up to it and gave an explanation for why it was the way it was and that they tried to make it like the demos but simply couldn't, I think most people's reactions would have been ""Well, that sucks but oh, well. I guess that's how it is."" As it stands now, everyone's just angry at them about the whole thing and they've lost a lot of goodwill."
They did the same thing with Witcher 2.  The enhanced edition was released free long after the initial release.
"Maxwell added several features above Kepler, so this isn't surprising.  
You develop a new GPU architecture. It has a new function block to accelerate function X, which makes graphical effect Y dramatically faster (cheaper to compute). Do you: 

a) Not implement graphical feature Y in your graphics libraries  
b) Implement (or continue to implement) graphical feature Y and artificially limit your new GPU's ability to use function X to maintain 'fairness'   
c) Implement (or continue to implement) graphical feature Y, which will be accelerated by the new GPUs but not the older ones"
"That's blatantly false.  Having hardware accelerated PhysX in your game (which you can't turn off) is always going to favor Nvidia because the work can be transferred to a Nvidia GPU.  You can't do this on an AMD GPU, so the work is transferred to the CPU.  

AMD Drivers do have slightly more CPU overhead than Nvidia's for DX11 on windows 7, so they're already at somewhat of a disadvantage- but the fact remains *there is fundamentally no way they can optimize for the additional cpu load*.  They will *never* be able to allow PhysX to run on their GPUs.  

The game was **very clearly** built to favor Nvidia.  "
"Yeah, I understand the frustration with the graphics downgrade, but I don't understand how much people are cursing over it. The game was delayed a few times already, they obviously have a lot to work on (and it's a HUGE game), and if the past 2 Witcher games are any indication, they'd release an ""Enhanced Edition"" as a free upgrade.

Even The Witcher 2, much lauded for its amazing graphics, **only ran in DirectX 9 at launch**. DX11 wasn't patched in until later. On top of that, I think they released an HD textures pack after launch (Or I may be mixing it up with Crysis 2... two amazing looking games in the same year).

And before people say, ""well that's because they had to make it work on the Xbox 360..."" All this was while it was still a PC-exclusive. The Xbox 360 version came out a year later.

Plus, it doesn't really look THAT different to be honest. "
"Exactly, some people would understand that. Those that wouldn't are still angry right now so all they're doing is hurting their image as a company."
"Hardline should have been a 39.99 DLC pack for BF4 as it is.

Now thats its issues are A+ fixed 4 is arguably the best modern Battlefield game we have."
That hasn't been true for [five years](http://www.itproportal.com/2010/05/28/nvidia-removes-ati-physx-block/) so far as I'm aware.
"Did you try contacting anyone? Usually they will just give you one. If not, tell them you'll just send it back and reorder.

"
"As soon as they signed with Nvidia to make PCars a GameWorks title and depended on proprietary libs in core parts of the game, they started favouring Nvidia. There's no way they can deny it."
"Sweet, can't wait. Any specifics on release or a general timeframe(know it's soon, but are we talking a weeks, months)."
"nah, too many fanbois. even after the 3.5 gig thing people defend them like a battered housewives. 

like everywhere, if your customers are stupid it's only logical as a business to exploit that. be it nvidia or anyone else."
"No you said
&gt; Arma simply doesn't work well with large player counts.

That's not the same as pointing out that Arma and PR offer different experiences. Player count has nothing to do with it. "
That's bullshit. They're just as culpable because they're intentionally trying to promote graphics card exclusivity on the PC. It's blatantly anti-consumer and they know it.
"I am getting so tired of seeing these post. In almost every one of these so called ""analyse"" I believe the final PC version looks better then the trailer. People are focusing on the smallest details and not looking at the overall quality of the final version. This seems like the biggest non issue I have seen on reddit that people are overacting to in a long time.

If the small changes in minor details are really an issue for you don't buy the game, its as simple as that. Most of the people complaining will still end up buying the game and loving/hating it for other reasons these these extremely small details.

On top of that what ever happened to the /r/games ideal of gameplay/story over graphics? Let the game stand on its enjoyment factor and not these petty excuses for controversy.

Edit:

[PCGH has the Day 1 and patch and wouldn't you believe it there are graphical improvments..](http://www.pcgameshardware.de/The-Witcher-3-PC-237266/Specials/The-Witcher-3-Screenshots-1159185/)

Now let the contraversy begin about how the reviewers were mislead and reviewed a uncomplete game...
"
"Did you even watch the video? The differences are actually pretty drastic. 

Particularly when it comes to view distance and water, especially in that swamp scene."
But the game isn't out yet and you there is plenty of footage showcasing how the game will look on launch. How can you feel deceived when they havn't withold information about the the final product? 
"&gt; Love how nobody blames AMD for the ""anti-competitive"" behavior of ""not being remotely competitive.""

How is AMD not competitive with Nvidia? According to Tom's Hardware, AMD offers the best price-to-performance ratio for their $100, $115, $150,  and $240 price ranges, and they're tied with Nvidia for the $330 price range. In contrast, Nvidia wins at the $550, $195, and $65 price ranges. Maybe I'm just not looking at the same criteria, but to me it seems like offering the best price-to-performance ratio at most price ranges is a pretty big win.

&gt; Nvidia provides free closed source libraries. There are no equally good free open source libraries. AMD does not provide anything. What is a broke developer going to choose? 

Up until 2014 AMD employed the primary author of the Bullet physics API, which is the API that was used in GTA IV and GTA V, among other things. And Bullet works on both Nvidia and AMD GPUs."
"CDPR has already said that there is something wrong with the PC build they've sent out.

&gt; Regarding the comparion video, unfortunately we don’t know how this video was created and what PC settings have been used. It compared an early PC version with a PS4 debug build without the day 1 patch. So it's quite an uncommon basic setting. Something went wrong here and therefore we spoke to the editorial team behind it - we both agreed something is not quite right and while we're figuring out what mistake has been made, we have removed the video. We do admit it looked pretty wonky, hence its removal. It simply made the PC version look pretty bad and YT compression didn't help either. This was not the final build for PC on which we are working till the last moment.

http://forums.cdprojektred.com/threads/36117-For-those-PC-gamers-who-are-craving-for-Min-vs-Max-comparison?p=1660944&amp;viewfull=1#post1660944

On top of that I've seen some reports that some of the ultra graphics options in this build aren't doing anything

These comparisons are useless until we have the release build and day one patch tomorrow. "
"As of today, PCGH has the review version along with the day one patch.  I'm not sure about this video, though.

You can see their pre- and post-patch comparison here:

http://www.pcgameshardware.de/commoncfm/comparison/indexb2.cfm?id=125693"
"It is, but it's basically a consequence of engine limitations. They can't actually add in any debilitating effects of being shot, so to avoid people Rambo-spamming, they had to add an effect that limited a player's combat effectiveness. The bloodied screen was the only thing they could really do with the engine."
"Obvious changes to me: 

1. Lower quality lighting, I think the lighting in the trailer is superior. 
2. Lower quality water and surface reflections. See the campfire at 3:19 or puddle at 3:26. Although I have to say at 7:21, I'm not sure if the final version or trailer version has more realistic water. Geralt's armour and the horse's arse seem to shine less too. 
3. Final version has a less ""grim"" colour palette, in my opinion. I don't know which one I would prefer, because while I think the trailer version has a colour palette that fits the theme more, I tend to get tired of muted colours in games quickly.  
4. Less fog in the final version.
5. More things flapping in the wind in the final version (6:53)
6. Shadows are not as good in the final version. See the tower in the distance at 4:12. "
"You're an idiot.  I know i shouldn't attack the poster, but i really have to. A game changing graphics during development is normal fucking games development. How can you call a company out for that?

 The only way you could is if they were hiding what the game is like. THEY AREN'T. For months you've been shown videos, and the amount of media coming from the game is astronomical. 

There is no bad practice here at all, and you guys keep beating the same dead fucking horse over and over again. And if i was CDPR, i'd also delete any topic mentioning the 'downgrade', because it's quite obvious it's the same shite being said over and over."
You can't expect NVidia to just give out the source code to their software. I'm all for healthy competition but developers do have rights to their own digital properties.
"Essentially, BF4 is BF3 but more.  There are more guns, more customization, more unlocks, and more vehicles.  There are some minor mechanical changes like how you have to charge the defib paddles but for the most part it's a prettier, bigger battlefield 3"
The 780 is a great card and I would've expected it to last at least until the 980 succesor comes out..I was suprised to hear it being beaten by a mid-range 960.
..or this is a company creating a proprietary set of code that they don't want to give the source out for after spending time/money/resources creating.  This is on the devs for using that set of code and knowing that they are targeting NVidia cards.
"&gt; the colourful approach is a result of trying to appeal to the North American audience

If anything, appealing to North American audiences has been the most prevalent reason for games to lose colors in recent years. I'm very happy they keep the Witcher 2's saturated colors, it looks great, unique, and fits with the original material's descriptions."
"Just in last year or so Ubisoft has made Grow Home, Stick of Truth, Child of Light, Valiant Hearts, Rayman Legends. All of which were experimental, tiny games but with very high production values that you just don't get to see in indie titles. 

"
"Part of the reason is that game designers want to tailor the user's experience, without giving users the option to reduce graphical options to where it doesn't match the developer's expectations.

Another reason is that it takes extra work to implement graphics options. Many highly regarded PC game developers put the work into giving players graphical options, but if you are doing a quick and dirty console&gt;PC port, you might not have the time/budget/inclination to implement user choice in regards to graphics settings."
"Simplifies everything, basically. [This](http://www.gearboxsoftware.com/community/articles/1061/inside-the-box-field-of-view) is a great writeup on the effort putting the FoV slider in Borderlands 2 took when adapting the BL1 engine, and all the unexpected pitfalls encountered."
"Because some people seem to expect any game to run all settings maxed, 4k 60fps with 8x anti-aliasing and no frame drops. If they have to turn something down they'll complain that it's poorly optimised. The Steam forums are rife with this attitude.

If the dev reduces the quality of the highest settings (and, hopefully, keeps these as options in the game's config files), they may be able to avoid this."
"pcars doesn't do any physics calculation on the GPU on any gpu brand. These people have no idea what they are talking about.

Physx is just used as the physics framework for dynamic trackside objects and when the cars are airborne. I'm pretty sure it doesn't run at 600hz. 

The 600hz figure refers to the game's own physics model for the cars while on the ground, which doesn't use Physx at all."
Because they rarely were complete and tested for the entirety of the game.  Most of it was probably hacked-together demo code that would need extensive re-working to make shippable.
AMD isn't Nvidia though. They're two separate companies and expecting them to do something because the other did the same thing doesn't follow.
"I owned an Nvidia card back in the GTX 400 series days, I upgraded during the AMD 7000s series a few years back. Now I have an R9 290x and yea it draws alot of power but it doesn't get as hot as people claim. I have never seen it get above 75c and that was playing Alien Isolation, BF4, and CoH2 at all max settings with no Vsync so the card was pulling upwards of 100-150fps and just trying as hard as it could. I turn Vsync on and keep it capped at 60 and it never gets above 65c in everything I play.

I do not plan on returning to Nvidia anytime soon. "
"Ladies and gentlemen, this is why the term 'quality, not quantity' exists. Sega just needs to calm down for a second."
"because games aren't built and shown in 1 piece, and a game that has some areas of very high quality and other areas of poorer quality because of development restraints leads to a broken and unfinished experience. So even if an area is finished with higher quality assets and visuals, they may be scaled back to make the game on a whole look more cohesive."
"&gt;For people who were planning and built computers to run this thing on ultra at 4k 

I'd rather CDPR deliver a game that is good all round than waste time and money pandering to the 0.1% and ending up with a sub par game just for the sake of shiny graphics."
"""Sega is attempting to restructure their future endeavors to online, mobile, and digital gaming only."" So there going to create shovelware because that's where the money is. It only takes one great game to make millions. 47 shit games WILL cost them millions.  "
"alien: isolation was a quality game that underperformed (or didn't make enough bank depending on your POV). big part of that loss is sonic boom flopping.

still waiting for PSO2 in the west, and still don't understand why sega doesn't release translated titles like yakuza digitally for a bigger cut. put some subtitles in and be done with it."
"Some of the graphical effects (such as smoke) rely on physics. He was saying that Maxwell was more efficient at some aspects of Physx calculations than Kepler, which is why the 960 performs so well.

CPU optimization doesn't really have anything to with his comment."
"A new card with half as much compute power*

The fucking 780Ti and Titan, top of the line GPU's barely 2 years ago, struggle to get 30 FPS.  The 960 which is only as strong as the 3 year old mid range 280 blows them away.

The performance on all non-Maxwell cards is completely unacceptable.  And the only reason Maxwell performs as well as it does is because Nvidia came in and optimized the game for it."
"That jump move was already in 2 and Brotherhood, they just locked it behind the hook in Revelations.

On the positive side, it let you roll over dudes' backs and ride ziplines. Small changes but very much positive ones.

And really I think the major new feature in the game was supposed to be bomb crafting, which despite being more different was a lot dumber and more pointless."
"Whenever developers do this, they get bashed for releasing an unoptimized game. It's kind of ridiculous when you see it happen. I've heard people say The Witcher 2 is unoptimized because they can't run it with ubersampling on. Well, the setting doesn't look significantly better, and if they'd just removed the option nobody would be complaining. "
"There are no hardware accelerated physx in this game, the linked OP has no idea what he's talking about. https://www.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/comments/366iqs/nvidia_gameworks_project_cars_and_why_we_should/crc3ro1"
"link to benchmark?

the 780 outperforms the 960 here:

http://www.computerbase.de/2015-05/project-cars-guide-grafikkarte-prozessor-vergleich/2/

and here:

http://www.pcgameshardware.de/Project-CARS-PC-238576/Specials/Benchmark-Test-1158026/

and here:

http://pclab.pl/art63572-10.html"
"Most of the time its because they didn't have it implemented for the whole game, but rather just for the select parts that were used in the demo/gameplay trailer.  
  
Allowing it in some spots and not others would look fairly jarring when playing in a section where the two might clash together.  And honestly, no matter how bad one part might look its 10x worse when random bits and pieces are a higher quality than others.  "
"Because people WILL complain EVERYWHERE if the game doesn't run smooth with everything on max. 

So its more hassle than its worth."
"From Steam Software &amp; Hardware Survey:

* Windows - 95,81%
* OS X - 3,16%
* Linux - 0,94%

It would be crazy **not** to focus on providing the best possible Windows experience before moving to other systems."
"Building Software with the low-latency requirement of VR (beyond pretty much anything before) is hard, and the Linux market is pretty insignificant at the end of the day, it's 1% of the market, when you're already aiming at a very small segment of the market already.   
  
People with the recommended specs for the Rift is 4% of Steam users, so that's 4% of 1% if hardware repartition is identitcal between Linux and Windows (it's probably not, Linux users on steam probably have better machines on average).  
  
  
pausing OSX developpement makes a lot of sense, if only because there isn't a single official Mac that meets the recommended specs for the device."
"There are 2 main reasons why downgrades happen. If you try to simplify it, it's either:

1) Something doesn't work,

or

2) Game needs to be adapted to the market.

First case can happen in various ways, in the end it comes down to choosing whether to try to fix the problem or cut the feature. Maybe it can be implemented, but it would require a lot of resources and they're needed elsewhere, maybe it's not known what exactly is causing the issue so even assigning a lot of resources to this task may be in vain. It's basic project management and I think people who don't get that simply never worked on one yet.

Second case is usually when people start to scream ""consoles holding back PC!"", but they seem to ignore, that overwhelming majority othe PC market consists of hardware somewhere near performance level of consoles or below it. Yes, PCs can be few times as powerful, but machines like that are small part of the market and games need to perform well on wide range of PCs for PC version to even be economically viable to make.

The answer to your question is - because you can only scale down graphics quality floor so much, before having to lower the ceiling as well. You can't really have completely different geometry on various settings, you can only scale down lighting quality so much before having to default to less taxing rendering methods and so on.

During developement you always make assets as good as possible, because if they end up too high quality you can scale them down, but if they're not good enough there is little you can do. So obviously when developers showcase their game long before release, you see the raw assets. They can't really predict compatibility issues or other problems before they encounter them, nor can they know how strong PCs will be when the game comes out.

This happens to pretty much every game. Watch Bioshock Infinite or Crysis early footage (the release version was still mindblowing and completely ahead of it's time, but early footage was even more impressive and considering how dissatisfied with Crysis sales Crytek was, they probably should've scaled it down more). Even Half Life 2 looked better pre-release. Downgrades happen to games that were originally designed only for PCs as well.

I think the better question would be why has this suddenly become the problem (I think complaints about downgrades started witch Watch Dogs)? People used to accept that things can change during development and early footage may not be representative of the final product.

Only solution seems to be to not present the game until few months before release, but then people will just complain about not being shown actual gameplay footage (look at Battlefront threads). Not revealing the game until few months before release is also not feasible for AAA games. They need a lot of time to build awareness."
"Like it or not, this decision just makes sense.   First, the initial launch hardware is targeting some fairly high end machines ( GeForce 970+).  That's already limiting the potential market greatly (around 5% according to Steam stats I believe).  Then you realized that Mac and Linux games sales pale in comparison to Windows.  There're also piling  resources into just getting this to launch on time.  Believe me, as a software engineer- having just Windows to worry about is hard enough.

So please, Linux and Mac zealots, I'm preemptively asking you to can the rage ;) "
"How's AMD's and Nvidia's driver support for the Other platforms coming along. I imagine if they aren't where they need to be, then Oculus shouldn't/can't focus on them like they'd want to. "
"&gt; Believe me, as a software engineer- having just Windows to worry about is hard enough.

They also support Windows 7 SP1 up to 10, which can behave very differently in what they are doing, thanks to WDDM versions, Oculus' need for a custom Compositor etc..."
"PhysX for object motion simulation will still occur on the CPU for both brands of card, as it would seriously hammer PCI-E bandwidth (and give a massive latency increase) to:

* have the CPU hand object data to the GPU
* have the GPU perform the physics simulations
* hand that data back to the CPU to update object locations (i.e. deal with the results of the physics calculations)
* then pass these back to the GPU to render

PhysX GPU acceleration works for noninteracting things like smoke, dust, flappy curtains, etc, because the GPU can modify their position at will without anything else in the game world giving a damn. This does not apply to the fundamental game physics engine that affects the cars.

If SMS have 'frivolous PhysX' (particles, smoke, etc) turned on all the time, that would adversely affect AMD, and would be a pretty silly thing to do (and contrary to every other gake that has implemented PhysX). But the core physics simulations will occur on the CPU for both AMD and Nvidia."
"It's primarily designed for gaming... Obviously they should focus on windows. 

Personally I feel like people who game on linux are purposely limiting themselves. And its not gonna change soon no matter how much this subreddit bangs on about it."
"Can I just say that I'm very impressed at how level headed and sensible most people's reaction to this is so far. 

It wasn't necessarily what I expected so colour me impressed reddit! "
"Yep, a comparable configuration for OSX is not even available to buy, which is insane. Highest end, top of the line iMac is only available with GeForce 780M, and highest end Macbook Pro is using... GT 750M. On top of that, their GPU driver performance is pretty bad and the OpenGL version they are supporting even in the very latest release of OSX is... 4.1. This is the definition of a platform you can't deliver a comparable experience on.

Makes total sense to abandon support for it for now."
"&gt; Nvidia loves doing crap like this.

Isn't the argument that nVidia releases these libraries for free, companies use them, don't use the AMD equivalent, and then everyones mad at nVidia for releasing them in the first place? 

Am I not understanding this? Did Project Cars not choose to use nVidias free stuff all on their own? "
That's a stupidly ignorant comment you have there. Apple might be expensive and newer hardware has little to no upgradability but they provide support for their hardware longer than any other oem. I can buy a battery for a black MacBook today without issue at an Apple Store. Those things are like 10 years old.
"Because the game might not ever have actually been running with those settings enabled.

They render out a video with those assets, and then realize that they just can't get it working right on even their own computers, or maybe the engine itself just can't handle it. sure they could leave them in, because hey, there's still that .01% of the gaming community that could probably run it anyways despite the issues, but then they get to have the bad publicity of having everyone think the higher level settings are buggy/broken.

And those high quality assets you see in the trailer  may even be the only ones that are at that quality, and the rest of the game wouldn't have looked like that anyways, because it'd have been too time consuming, and they just made this shiny slice for publicity"
"I think he's referring to stuff like the Witcher 3 promo video from early in the development where they had better textures.

Presumably the reason they didn't include better textures in the final game was that they only made the better textures for that small part and it would be weird to have the texture quality change for a particular gate that was in a demo video."
"With the release of The Witcher 3 on Tuesday, now might be a great time to have a thread about Fantasy Action games. Perhaps a future discussion on the likes of Dragons Dogma, Skyrim, Monster Hunter and even the Witcher franchises might be a solid thread. "
"Reddit tends to vastly overestimate Linux gaming support.

It makes far, far, more sense for them to focus on Windows first. It would be silly to abandon Mac/Linux, but focusing resources on the 95% of the market makes pure business sense even if it's disappointing to some people."
"Not to mention that the only machine Apple sells with a GPU that might even come close to the Oculus minimum spec is the $3,000 Mac Pro."
"&gt; So please, Linux and Mac zealots, I'm preemptively asking you to can the rage ;)

As a diehard Mac fan, I'm quite happy to admit that I have a Windows PC for gaming. I wouldn't want to do work on it, but it's great for what it's designed for."
"[For starters](https://www.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/comments/366iqs/nvidia_gameworks_project_cars_and_why_we_should/crc3ro1), nVidia says that the game doesn't utilize GPU-accelerated PhysX, which is one of the claims of the post."
"Its funny how you all are looking this nifty new technology called ""directX"" in the mouth and not realizing Microsoft has been doing LITERALLY THE SAME THING for over a decade with regards to it being compatible with other systems and everyone seems fine with that."
"Most people here use Windows and it doesn't affect them.

People are not being level headed about something that actually negatively affects them."
"That's cause AMD refuses to acknowledge PhysX and license it. Why would licensing it be a bad thing? Also PhysX is accepting source code changes. AMD has every chance to get on board the fact that PhysX succeeded. AMD chooses to ignore it.  This work is Nvidia, they developed it. Why do we believe AMD has the right to implement their R&amp;D for free? "
"Because sadly, a lot of people are idiots. There's always some guy who's going to put it on Ultra despite not having the hardware for it, and then go on forums and Steam reviews and Youtube telling everybody how the game is shit because it doesn't run well."
"Wow, this is still going strong? Amazing. I played it a few times - it was a buggy but moderately fun mess. "
"If you've already played most of the roguelite games that were in the Steam roguelike sale then you've already played most of the good ones. I can however mention a bunch of games that you might've overlooked or missed though. I've also mentioned a bunch of good (and popular) roguelikes.

**Roguelike inspired games:**

* [Adventure Dungeon](http://adventuredungeon.weebly.com/)
* [ASCII Sector](http://www.asciisector.net/)
* [A Wizard's Lizard](http://www.cryptrun.com/) - A game similar to The Binding of Isaac.
* [Black Ice](http://superdupergc.com/) - A cyberpunk hack &amp; shoot.
* [Catacomb Kids](http://ckgame.net/)
* [Coin Crypt](http://dumbandfat.com/coincrypt/)
* [Desktop Dungeons](http://www.desktopdungeons.net/media/)
* [Diehard Dungeon](http://store.steampowered.com/app/277870/)
* [Fancy Skulls](http://www.fancyskulls.com/) - FPS inspired roguelike.
* [Legend of Dungeon](http://www.robotloveskitty.com/LoD/)
* [Magicite](http://store.steampowered.com/app/268750/)
* [NEO Scavenger](http://bluebottlegames.com/main/news) - Post apocalyptic survival roguelike.
* [Oblitus](http://oblit.us/)
* [Sub Commander](http://www.subsim.com/radioroom/showthread.php?t=202304) - Submarine simulator with roguelike elements.
* [TowerClimb](http://www.davioware.com/towerclimb) - Coming to Steam later this year.
* [Transcendence](http://transcendence.kronosaur.com/)
* [Vagante](http://store.steampowered.com/app/323220)
* [Weird Worlds: Return to Infinite Space](http://www.infinitespacegames.com/weirdworlds/)

___
**Roguelikes:**

* [868-HACK](http://868-hack.neocities.org/)
* [Ancient Domains of Mystery aka. ADOM](http://www.adom.de/) - Old classic. Coming to Steam this Summer.
* [Angband](http://rephial.org/) - Popular classic.
* [Brogue](https://sites.google.com/site/broguegame/) - A very good and popular roguelike. Very accessible for people new to the genre. You can also download the tiled [Oryx version](http://oryxdesignlab.com/brogue-tiles/) which is both for Windows and Mac.
* [Cataclysm: Dark Days Ahead](http://en.cataclysmdda.com/) - Very popular post apocalyptic/zombie survival roguelike.
* [Caves of Qud](http://www.freeholdgames.com/index.php/caves-of-qud/)- Scifi/post-apocalyptic roguelike. Currently in closed beta on Steam.
* [DiabloRL](http://diablo.chaosforge.org/) - Diablo roguelike.
* [DoomRL](http://doom.chaosforge.org/) - Doom roguelike.
* [Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup](http://crawl.develz.org/wordpress/) - One of the best and most popular roguelike out there at the moment.
* [Dungeonmans](http://www.dungeonmans.com/)
* [Dungeons of Dredmor](http://store.steampowered.com/app/98800/)
* [Elona+](http://wikiwiki.jp/elonaplus/?FrontPage) - Resurrection of the popular Japanese roguelike. New features and bug fixes.
* [HyperRogue](http://roguetemple.com/z/hyper.php)
* [Infinite Cave Adventure](http://dungeon.name/) - Combines an old-school look &amp; feel with original and interesting gameplay choices.
* [Infra Arcana](http://infraarcana.wikispaces.com) - H.P. Lovecraft inspired horror roguelike.
* [Iter Vehemens ad Necem aka. IVAN](http://ivan.sourceforge.net/download.html). You could also check out the updated fan-variant [CLIVAN](http://sourceforge.net/projects/clivan/) which adds a lot of new content.
* [Liberal Crime Squad](http://www.bay12forums.com/smf/index.php?topic=125450.0) - Roguelike made by Tarn Adams (Dwarf Fortress developer)
* [Mercury](http://www.decisionproblem.com/mercury/) - Experimental roguelike.
* [NetHack](http://www.nethack.org/) - The old classic. You can also check out the updated variants called [UnNetHack](https://unnethack.wordpress.com/) or [DynaHack](http://tung.github.io/DynaHack/) which adds a better UI and a lot of new content and randomness to the game.
* [One Way Heroics](http://store.steampowered.com/app/266210/) - One Way Heroics Plus was just recently released on Playism. Updated version is coming to Steam soon.
* [Pixel Dungeon: Desktop Edition](http://pixeldungeon.watabou.ru/desktop.html) - The amazing android game is now available for Windows, Mac and Linux.
* [POWDER](http://www.zincland.com/powder/index.php?pagename=news) - A roguelike which works on many different OS, phones, hand held gaming devices and consoles.
* [PrincessRL](http://flend.net/princessrl/) - A roguelike inspired by the Princess Maker series.
* [Prospector](http://www.prospector.at/forum/about.php) - Roguelike set in space. Command a ship and try to become filthy rich as a prospector.
* [Rogue Effect](http://dowhilecompiling.blogspot.fi/2014/03/rogue-effect-v02-released.html) - Mass Effect inspired Roguelike.
* [Rogue's Souls](http://forums.tigsource.com/index.php?topic=26781.0) - Dark Souls inspired roguelike.
* [Rogue Survivor](http://roguesurvivor.blogspot.no/) - Zombie survival roguelike.
* [Sil](http://www.amirrorclear.net/flowers/game/sil/) - A roguelike based on LOTR with a strong emphasis on discovery and tactical combat.
* [Sproggi Wood](http://store.steampowered.com/app/311720/)
* [Sword of the Stars: The Pit](http://sots-thepit.com/) - Pretty accessible roguelike for people new to the genre. The DLC's adds a lot of new content and replay value to the game.
* [Tales of Maj'Eyal: Age of Ascendancy aka. ToME v4](http://te4.org/) - A really good and popular roguelike. Winner of the Roguelike of the Year award 2010, 2011 and 2012.
* [The Slimy Lichmummy](http://www.happyponyland.net/roguelike.php)
* [The Veins of the Earth](http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-veins-of-the-earth/news)
* [UnReal World](http://www.unrealworld.fi/) Old classic. Low fantasy survival roguelike set in the late iron age in Finland. Coming to Steam soon.
* [Voyage to Farland](http://www.peculiar-games.com/press-kit) - A hardcore graphical roguelike inspired by the Japanese Mystery Dungeon games. Coming to Steam soon.
* [Wayward](http://www.unlok.ca/) - Island survival roguelike. Coming to Steam soon.
* [WazHack](http://www.wazhack.com/) - 2D roguelike inspired by NetHack.
* [X@COM](http://xcomrl.blogspot.com/) - XCOM inspired roguelike.
* [Zaga-33](http://mightyvision.blogspot.co.uk/2012/04/zaga-33.html) - A small 7DRL sci-fi inspired roguelike.
"
"This part really cannot be understated. It's like people don't realize that they need better computers for better graphics. I've seen so many claims of ""poor optimization"" as if there's some magic bullet that can allow a game to run better without looking worse.

It's most noticeable when it comes to VRAM complaints. So many people complain about more VRAM being needed for modern games without even stopping to consider that maybe that's necessary."
I wonder if this is partially hedging their bets in that Valve will be putting a lot of effort into VR on Linux due to SteamOS. 
"You have to understand the reason behind that though. Some people, myself included, were largely interested because of the promise of Linux support and open source.

But then the backtracking on the open source release left a bad taste for some people. And with this new announcement, some people suspect, not without reason, that Linux development won't start again. For those of us that backed the project because of hopes of developing on it, yes, it *is* ""dead"" to us.

Yes, this is a niche group. And no, kickstarter promises are no guarantee of anything. But this has left me with no more desire to work with Oculus anymore."
"While Win10 is shaping up to be the best MS OS yet, that would be unwise as we don't know yet what may happen around and after it's launch."
"If you're referring to the 2013 preview, apparently the textures are the same. They made changes to a filter that can be reverted using the redkit if you choose. http://acutegaming.net/the-witcher-3-developers-assures-textures-remain-the-same-from-2013/2015/"
"Even so, Macs don't come close to being able to run it properly. That's the reason they stated they were pausing Mac development. Once Macs have the hardware to run it, they'll restart work on the Mac support."
"I own AC Unity. It runs poorly at every resolution, with every setting turned down, on a card that runs Black Flag at 1080p/60fps with medium/high settings.

If I had to run that game with no AO at 900p to get 60fps, I would be the last person bitching. But it refuses to maintain a stable framerate in ANY circumstance that involves something other than staring at the sky, with ANY settings. Why don't you go and tell me how Dead Rising 3 has a bunch of future proof options too, because that game ran like hot garbage as well."
"I feel like if you can afford a $3000 Mac Pro as a home machine, you can probably afford a $1000-1500 gaming PC to power your Rift."
"Maybe, but it doesn't make sense most of the time for large software projects to throw a lot of their resources behind &lt;1% of the market."
"They open sourced all of the DK1 code and hardware, which is what they promised in the kickstarter. So, they didn't break any of their kickstarter promises, they're one of the few projects to actually fulfill everything. "
"On the other hand, Vive/SteamVR still have Mac and Linux development ongoing, and they plan to release with a input solution, a better tracking method and months before the Rift.

So it seems worrying that Oculus is cutting features to hit their release date when they're already behind."
"This. 

The average consumer, even on PC, doesn't want to fiddle with settings to find one that doesn't overheat their graphics card or whatever. They want simplicity.

Adding every setting and allowing the user to choose them gets the developer some goodwill among the hardcore fans, but it gets you far more complaints and customer service costs."
"Ouch, that's pretty sad. I wasn't sure where the GPU in the Mac Pro fell in the performance spectrum, but for what they're charging I'd hoped it was a little bit more competitive."
"The point is that they claimed they would in the kickstarter. Had they not said so in the first place, nobody would have cared. But almost not open sourcing it after they had everybody's money was a dick move."
"It's Valve

&gt;  development ongoing,

Has absolutely no practical meaning with them. 

It just means the didn't actively scrap something. Maybe it's a high priority for them, maybe nothing happens unless somebody decides to take on the task.

&gt;So it seems worrying that Oculus is cutting features to hit their release date when they're already behind.

I'm still mostly just wondering what pushed them into 2016."
"Leaving 7 behind would be insanity.

Even if the upgrade to 10 ends up being a no-brainer, you can't expect that everyone will do it. Many will stay because 7 ""ain't broken""."
"But they said they were going to open source the DK1, which was the product from kickstarter. They did that. So they didn't really betray anybody. They didn't say that every subsequent product developed by that company in the years ahead would be open sourced, some people had that impression though, which is why they felt betrayed."
"All of them, from IBM and Microsoft to Apple and Oracle.

I know some people on here like to believe the IT world is going towards or is an open source utopia, but most companies protect their products.

Nvidia is no different.

Nvidia created gameworks as a way to help devs and also make sure that their hardware is properly optimised.

Project Cars used the pre-made information in the games development. This choice is on the Devs, no Nvidia."
"&gt; Personally I feel like people who game on linux are purposely limiting themselves. 

I'd say they're making a political decision. Essentially the same thing though."
"Ok that's fine, but you are purposefully limiting yourself from a gaming perspective. You've obviously weighed your options and feel like it's the right call, but don't act high and mighty because you're doing ""real work."" Most people who build a computer with gaming in mind aren't trying to make it their work computer as well. In fact, I'd wager that most people's personal computers are distinct from their work computers."
"Arma requires planning and mission creations to have the same experience, project reality is the only game I have found so far with that kind of realistic and fun experience by just joining a public server. "
"I don't think you quite recognize what I didn't like. It isn't that the DK2 is closed source. That's completely understandable; it's not all their code, so legally they can't, and there's no way I could reasonably fault them for it.

But their change of plans regarding the open release was with the *first* developer kit. Sure, it was released as open source at the end, but it left an impression of ""we have your money now, so we'll feel free to backtrack on previous promises."" Which this latest announcement doesn't help at all either."
"Great! So the only thing you have to do to make your rig gaming friendly is dual boot windows. This is a good problem to have, you already have a suitable gaming computer for unrelated reasons, one small tweak gets you there."
"&gt;The thing is, a lot of or most games come with a pretty competent autodetection 

Not in my experience, especially with hardware that comes out after the game is released. Nvidia made Experience particularly because the in-game detection is usually bad. "
"Well the thing is, nobody uses Linux for games since the support is bad. Then developpers think nobody uses Linux, so they don't bother supporting it, thus continuing the cycle."
"Except people would figure it out and post it on, lets say /r/games, and suddenly you have a PR nightmare on your hands...."
"&gt; looks boring as hell. Lots of talk and movement, but no shooting.

In a PR game once, I sat in a trench for three hours staring down an empty road. Not a round discharged, not a single explosion, didn't even see anyone on a 64 player server. The guy next to me shifted a bit and was killed instantly because we were counter-sniping an insurgent who was covering the cache our squads were trying to assault and nobody could get across the road without going down to him or the ambush on the other side of it. 

PR isn't Battlefield 4 and if you want flashy boom boom rah kill you'll be sorely disappointed, but it's one of the tensest and most thrilling video games out there because all of that monotony is overlaying a game where 32 coordinated tacticians are watching your every move and trying to catch you making a mistake. It's chess with guns. "
"Not even close to the only reason? What does that even mean? 

There are many reasons why Linux adoption for gaming and overall is low, not one singular reason. One of them is the technical skills required, or the perceived skills required, are too high for most users. Another major reason is what I said previously. 

As an anecdote, most people I know including myself have Ubuntu and Windows  installed precisely because of the lack of gaming support for Linux. I'm sure my group of friends and I aren't special snowflakes in this world."
"You have less selection than a windows machine. It is, by definition, a less friendly platform for gaming."
"You can use do multi-GPU 3d rendering on the Mac, but you have to implement it all by hand -- the driver isn't going to try and do it for you SLI/CrossFire style. Look up the WWDC 2010 presentation ""Taking Advantage of Multiple GPUs"" if you're interested in how it works.

That being said, the drivers on OS X are so damn terrible that you'd be lucky to get a GTX 670 worth of performance out of one of their D700s. The engine I work on runs on OS X and Windows, and supports rendering to the Rift, and I don't even bother testing the VR mode on the Mac (which is my primary development platform) because there's no way in hell I'm ever going to hit 75 FPS with their GL implementation."
"Actually, the highest-end iMac uses an m290x. You can get a variant with more vram, too, but it's throttled by its own heat signature. It just makes sense for them to hold off development on OSX; it's just simply not a gaming platform. Apple doesn't even support the latest version of openGL. I really like OSX and it helps that most games I play run well on it (valve/blizzard games, mostly), but I still see Windows as the primary gaming platform."
"https://www.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/comments/366iqs/nvidia_gameworks_project_cars_and_why_we_should/crc3ro1

&gt; The assumptions I'm seeing here are so inaccurate, I feel they merit a direct response from us.
&gt; 
&gt; I can definitively state that PhysX within Project Cars does not offload any computation to the GPU on any platform, including NVIDIA. I'm not sure how the OP came to the conclusion that it does, but this has never been claimed by the developer or us; nor is there any technical proof offered in this thread that shows this is the case.
&gt; 
&gt; **I'm hearing a lot of calls for NVIDIA to free up our source for PhysX. It just so happens that we provide PhysX in source code form freely on GitHub** (https://developer.nvidia.com/physx-source-github), so everyone is welcome to go inspect the code for themselves, and optimize or modify for their games any way they see fit.
&gt; 
&gt; Rev Lebaredian

&gt; Senior Director, GameWorks

&gt; NVIDIA

Emphasis mine. "
Workstation cards are vastly different than gaming cards... They focus on better double precision compute scores. 
"Mac Pro (the desktop workstation) costs $3k, not Macbook Pro. MBPs start at $1100, but don't get dedicated graphics until $2500. They're not really intended as gaming machines."
"How is it getting tired? Graphical drivers and game support is terrible for linux, that was true 20 years ago and it's still true now. Pretty much everything else is just fine. I'd use linux if gaming support was better."
"It isn't beaten in most cases, it is when they use the Nvidia Gameworks which is merely optimized for the 900 series. Most games don't use this and won't see this issue."
"It really is lose lose in a lot of cases. You go one way, and people make threads about how Total Biscuit running two titants can't get max FPS, you go the other way and people do comparison videos on how the difference between high and ultra doesn't enable super sampling and the textures/materials aren't noticeably different.

It's hard to stay positive some times hehe."
"That may be true, but it is of zero concern to Oculus, or any other game company not affiliated with a linux distro. 
"
"But that was only problem because they didn't do it from start.

A lot of things are hard to implement in already-made game. That's why we get shoddy ports. And ffs quake1 had FOV option, not including it in modern shooter is a joke"
"&gt; Can my Ikea table run the game on highest graphic settings?  
We're happy to announce that we'll be able to provide the highest graphic settings on any table configuration. Due to the epic proportions of the game, we recommend a table size of at least 1 x 1 Meter.  

Dang, they beat me to the joke.  
Not exactly a licence I would ever expect anyone to make a board game out of. Hope it goes well for them, though."
"Mac OpenGL support is a complete joke. Along with terrible OpenGL drivers (forced by Apple as they implement parts of it), they force you to use a version of OpenGL that's 5 years old and missing very important features. They clearly don't give a damn about games / graphics, and I really don't blame developers for not bothering to develop for OSX. I sure wouldn't bother."
"And then Reddit tends to think that just because they played games, they're the greatest game designer ever and they understand exactly what should be done. Usually their ideas were tested years ago and found to not be fun, good, or worthwhile to implement."
"I really do understand why there's such a desire for this type of game, but I would seriously put forward that MO is not the game to fill that role. It has consistently been a buggy mess, it has a community more toxic than league, and it has had at least two major break ins into their infrastructure. 

That aside, there are couple pretty big issues people need to know when they play this game.

* The economy is pretty much non-existent. All of the vets of this game will tell you that need your own characters to make stuff. I personally had refiner, extractor, weapon smith, armor-smith, and two warriors. That's two accounts worth of characters to be able to play the game without being severely disadvantaged. You can join a guild for gear, but you're really being a super leech/annoying/wasting peoples time if you don't make your own crafters.

* Duping is fairly rampant, and Starvault does not have a good history of removing the duped materials. Part of the reason why the economy is bork'd. 

* It's on a european server, so everyone from America is going to have bad ping. The majority of the players are American, but American players are slightly disadvantaged against European players.

* Some of the european groups are known to discriminate against American players. They don't invite the Americans in their guild onto roams, don't share materials, and don't use their crafters to make gear for Americans. If you're an American, and you play, then play with other Americans. 

That said, the potential is there for it to be a good game. Starvault might have it together for this expansion, but all of the previous ones have introduced game breaking bugs, stability issues, and dupes. "
"Service and support are the huge differences. Workstation cards are thoroughly tested for workstation applications (e.g. 3D renderers), have driver optimizations for the different applications, and come with technical support.

Consumer cards are not tested on these applications, do not have the driver optimizations, and do not come with technical support.
There are some subtle technical differences as well (e.g. ECC memory), but for the average user the big difference is compatibility."
"&gt;It really says something when an engine that costs a piddly $1500 per seat per 2 and a half YEARS is easier to work with than the shit came up with by the people you're paying $50k/year+.

They aren't paying those 90k+ year engine coders to fix one problem. A few of those guys were also on the unity team and decided to fix that problem is a certain way and likely it has implications on other things.

More often games are the way they are because they take a team give them 10X scope, and then provide enough time and resources to address 7X scope. Depending on how the team hides that missing 3X is how we perceive their effort."
This is also the reason why a lot of games get labeled as 'too hard' despite there being an 'easy' difficulty.  
"The reasons I can think of off the top of my head

* user base - already mentioned

* driver quality

* driver fragmentation (open source vs closed source leading to different features available)

* as of more recently, display server fragmentation

* dependency hell - One version of a lib you built your game against doesn't have a bug that a new version implemented. Also, distros complain if you statically link or if you package your own libs.

* distro support. There's a million of them. This one is for the most part solved though. Support one and let the community figure the rest out."
"Yeah, people tend to misuse the term ""unoptimized"".  You can't complain about that when you're pumping your settings to the max.

You CAN complain about it when you put your settings to the lowest and can't get anything above 40 fps."
"&gt; * driver quality
&gt; * driver fragmentation (open source vs closed source leading to different features available)
&gt; * as of more recently, display server fragmentation
&gt; * dependency hell - One version of a lib you built your game against doesn't have a bug that a new version implemented. Also, &gt; * distros complain if you statically link or if you package your own libs.
&gt; * distro support. There's a million of them. This one is for the most part solved though. Support one and let the community figure the rest out.

But these are all support issues. By support I don't mean direct developer support, I mean indirect support also, like Nvidia, Intel, AMD, Broadcom, etc. support. "
"&gt;I think the better question would be why has this suddenly become the problem (I think complaints about downgrades started witch Watch Dogs)? People used to accept that things can change during development and early footage may not be representative of the final product.

Your post is the best response in the thread, but I wanted to address this one question. I think it's been going on longer than Watch_Dogs, but that game was the turning point because of how glaring it was, and the fact that it was sort of the herald of ""next gen"" gaming. I would argue Dark Souls 2's ""downgrade"" was far more noticeable, but it was never advertised the way Watch_Dogs was.

Now as for *why* this is a problem? I don't think that it is, even though I'm personally always disappointed when these things happen. I think people are complaining about the downgrade, sure, but what's really bothering them is the whole parity thing. PC players are particularly sensitive about games being limited because of console restrictions, but this is not exclusively a PC thing. I have a co-worker and one friend who are PS4 owners, and they have complained every single time they believed a game was given parity with the Xbox One version. In fact, most recently with the Witcher 3 ""downgrades,"" my co-worker complained that he's in essence getting the Xbox One version of the game.

I think Rockstar demonstrated that the best solution to this problem is to give the more advanced version extra development time. GTA V was finely polished for each of the successive platforms, and they took their time to do it. Consider that in contrast to how the PC launch of GTA IV went."
"&gt; You somehow came up with that idea

It's easier to argue against points that no one actually made."
"This exactly. I've committed to supporting Linux with the goal of giving it equal attention, but what happens in practice is I have to put it on hold again and again while I solve problems for 95% of users - and then I get criticized (not unfairly) for having poor Linux support. The whole process sorely tempts me not to offer Linux support at all next time, which would just keep the cycle going."
"Honestly, the community doesn't really need to exactly be united. The 2 games play vastly different, and really the only similarity between them is the name and the characters in them. I'm certain melee will still 'live' regardless of smash 4's success. Really, the increased publicity from smash 4 will only increase e community for both games, and also visibility for other games in the series, like pm or 64. At this moment, only a few players go back and forth between both games competitively. "
"The massive jump in supported games in the past two years does point that things are changing. Maybe still slowly, but changing."
"I don't. Those who buy the best hardware want it for the most demanding games. 

You don't buy 970's and 980's and 290x's and Titans for indie games. Unless you have more money than sense.

You buy them because you need them for the games you play to look the best. Those games are almost AAA games and the vast majority of those are Windows only.

Yes, many people who want to mess around some would be Linux users, but the bulk of the customers are those who are wanting the newest AAA games and want them to look the best. And that's likely Windows users. And it's more than 92% on Windows, It's actually like 95%."
"Your kind of attitude is the problem.

Can you name a single example of a game that does it *right*? That pushes the graphical envelope without sacrificing performance when all those features are enabled? Tomb Raider runs well but it also doesn't have a lot of the graphical features that some higher-end games have. It makes up for its lower scene complexity with art direction; but the fact is that it performs better because it does less.

You can't name such a game, because *such a thing does not exist*. Better graphics come at a performance cost. There is a sliding scale, and to increase one side you have to decrease the other by an equal amount. You can't maximize both.

It's people like you that refuse to accept that there is nothing wrong with the game but rather with your expectations that cause these sorts of downgrades. 

Riddle me this: if these games are poorly optimized, then why haven't we seen games with better graphics (from a technical perspective) than Assassin's Creed Unity that are similarly demanding on the hardware? How, in your mind, could the gems you named have been better optimized?"
"Holy shit, that's a long article. Or, at least, longer than the usual articles presented in average gaming journalism. 

The Smash competitive scene is a bit a touchy subject, since both games have their pros and cons that each side loves to latch onto. Normally, I would say that you should just play what you like, but Smash has such a deep history full of powerful moments that older players just want Melee to last longer and newer players are too intimated to give Melee a chance. A certain line in this article, ""You want the things you love to last"", really sums up the reasoning of each side. 

Newer players probably want older players to give their new stuff a chance, whereas older players probably still want to be ""new"" and ""popular"". They just don't want their respective games to die, a fear I'm sure we've all experienced with something at one point or another. It's relateable, even if the actual discussions just brew down to hate wars and recycled reasoning.

I, personally, just enjoy playing Smash. Any iteration of it. I partially agree with Sakurai in the sense that competition to this degree is, in the long term, bad for the series. If the vocal majority really got what they wanted, and the next Smash had all kinds of advanced techniques and a fast, precise movement speed, then it would face the same problem CS:GO faces. A larger divide between the casual and competitive audiences, ultimately making it hard for the developers to compensate for both. Smash is a game made competitive by the players, not by the developer. And this is both its greatest strength, and its greatest weakness, if not simply because of how fun and attaching it can be. "
"&gt; driver quality

Fair. Nvidia and AMD are both putting a lot of work in though, and the only reason it was so bad until now was because of the lack of games (which ties into that feedback loop above)

&gt; driver fragmentation (open source vs closed source leading to different features available)

AMD is merging the important parts of theirs with the open source version, and if you're gaming on NVidia then you're going to be using the closed source drivers.

&gt; as of more recently, display server fragmentation

What fragmentation?

Currently everyone is using X11.

Everyone is going to move to either Wayland or Mir, but even then there's not going to be any fragmentation (unless you're using a very different definition of the word than the one I'm familiar with).

&gt; dependency hell - One version of a lib you built your game against doesn't have a bug that a new version implemented. Also, distros complain if you statically link or if you package your own libs.

Packaging a library works fine on Linux, and is the whole design of things like docker.

It is preferable to use the installed libraries though, and to trust that they [won't break user space](https://github.com/virtual-programming/witcher2-linux/issues/89#issuecomment-70857835).

&gt; distro support. There's a million of them. This one is for the most part solved though. Support one and let the community figure the rest out.

Valve has already announced that they are going with Debian (and by extension, Debian based distros)."
There doesn't need to be a main game the community has to agree on because they're all extremely different in their own way. 
"I'm only pointing out where you oversimplified or simply must have heard wrong.

&gt;as of more recently, display server fragmentation

There is no display server fragmentation.  The new display servers are almost ready to start shipping, but not one user distribution ships with anything other than Xorg.

&gt;dependency hell - One version of a lib you built your game against doesn't have a bug that a new version implemented.

The phrase is [DLL Hell](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DLL_Hell) and it actually comes from Windows.  The solution for third parties was the same as it was on Windows, ship the libraries that you need.  One big difference is that Valve actually provides the [steam runtime](https://github.com/ValveSoftware/steam-runtime) for you to link against, so you don't even need to do that anymore.  **Valve** ships the runtime for you.

&gt; Also, distros complain if you statically link or if you package your own libs.

Uh, what?  I don't even know how to interpret this.  What distribution complained to what developer?  Do you think Mark Shuttleworth sent a game company a nasty email or something?

&gt;distro support. There's a million of them. This one is for the most part solved though. Support one and let the community figure the rest out.

Partially correct.  The steam-runtime mentioned above.  It's not ""support one distribution"", but give developers **one runtime** to target, and the distros will make sure that runtime works on their platform.  To put it in simple terms, the steam runtime is a collection of libraries that represents a ""standard system interface"" for game developers."
"Melee and S4 are two separate communities/scenes with very little overlap.

Saying ""its players"" cant agree on a game doesnt really mean anything when there is no united smash scene.

People will play the game they like and not give a shit about the others.

There are hundreds in my smash region who have never touched sm4sh but have been playing melee /pm for years.

Our groups are completely separate. We know nothing about the sm4sh scene and no one in it. It is annoying when people group the smash games all as one. There was already a huge divide between melee/pm, two extremely similar games, no chance in hell melee and sm4sh are together."
"Nah dude, it's just AAA games are all just made by bad people. Companies intentionally hire bad coders to dupe us!"
"Meh, I don't believe this part:

&gt; If the vocal majority really got what they wanted, and the next Smash had all kinds of advanced techniques and a fast, precise movement speed, then it would face the same problem CS:GO faces. A larger divide between the casual and competitive audiences, ultimately making it hard for the developers to compensate for both.

What makes melee a great game **IS NOT** the difficult to pull off advanced techniques like L-canceling and wavedashing, it is the general play of the game from increased hit stun but also increased DI strength. In Brawl and Sm4sh, the game is reset to neutral after every single hit from either side. There are basically zero combos other than a couple characters D-Throw &gt; U-Air, because the game lets the victim immediately be able to spam another air dodge after getting hit. DI hardly matters at all in Brawl and Sm4sh because, not only does it not do much, after being hit you are free to be at neutral again. **What makes melee interesting is how you DI even while being combo'd and how you combo other people and follow and read their DI.**

Almost everyone wanted Brawl and Sm4sh to just have Melee's great concepts like comboing, DI, shield &amp; hit stun, and just give the player a pass on the hard/wonky stuff like wavedashing and L-canceling. The game should have been balanced around the smooth lander badge (aka giving everyone free L-cancels in a sort of way), and then increasing DI and hit stun by a bit. **Nobody wants stupid frame perfect stuff - just a little depth and skill added from the battle not being literally neutral the entire game.** The only time Brawl/Sm4sh are sort-of non-neutral is when an opponent is off the stage and they finally only have ~5 ways to come back so you can try to predict them and keep pressure up. Other than that, playing fast or aggressively means nothing in brawl/sm4sh. All you need to do is spam air-dodge after being hit and I guarantee you that the next aggressive attack will miss."
"I really think it's less that ""You want the things you love to last"", and more that Melee is in many ways indisputably more technical, fast, and complex than Smash 4.

Which doesn't necessarily make it a better game, of course. But I would think enough people wouldn't want to play or watch the ""simpler"" game."
"What do you mean by biggest? As in, the biggest Melee players? In which case, duh, they're Melee players. Most of the biggest Brawl players have transferred to S4, so I'm not sure what you're talking about.

And besides, It might seem like Zero is the only big name in S4 right now, but that's only because he stomps all the competition. There are countless great players who simply fall short to him. 

Really though, both games have their fair share of players - in fact, current entrants for EVO are dead even between the two."
"You are way oversimplifying things. Sure Unity isn't horrendously expensive, but they spend millions upon millions developing it each year.

Also if you want true full control over what a game engine does you program your own. Unity, as with all engines, has limitations.

The biggest reason developers work on their own engines a lot of the time, though, is that when an engine is designed for one game it can run that game *much* better than a standardized engine. The overhead from having a standardized engine is gone. Features they don't need are gone. Features they do need are optimized more for the specific use in their game.

Don't get me wrong, Unity looks fairly nice, but, say, a new Battlefield game, even after extensive modifying of Unity, would look like Battlefield 3 made in Unity if it was released today. Now BF3 doesn't look bad, even now, but it's nowhere near even BF4 level. Same thing applies to other games.


Think of it like car engines. Unity performs like a standard V6. The engines made specifically for games generally perform anywhere from Optimized V6/Standard V8/Optimized V8. 

Not to mention programming limitations. Sometimes you'll want to program something that, due to Unity's structure, is much harder to program.

But outside of that, I actually like Unity a lot. Most of the games I've worked on in the last year have been made in it. However, there are plenty of valid reasons for studios to program their own engine instead of Unity. "
"You're right, the original iPhone would have been a resounding success even if you hadn't been able to make calls on it because it wasn't supported by any carriers.

The point is that no decent developer would ignore the rest of the world and release a version of their game that only works on one very specific hardware/driver/linux-distro environment.  It would be wasted effort on their part; the number of people who cared enough to replicate the hardware/driver/distro config would be dwarfed by the people who simply say: ""Hey, this game won't even start, 0/10.""
"
"What made melee great was not dumb tricks like wavedashing and L-canceling. If Melee had an update where all aerials were auto-L-canceled that wouldn't ruin the game. The stuff that makes melee good is the longer hit-stun and stronger DI, meaning reads are more important, comboing is possible, and following while comboing and escaping combos through good DI and techs. Sm4sh and brawl have none of this. You just hit someone and back away since you can't combo. The opponent has immediate re-control of their character and could easily dodge your next hit. Playing aggressively means nothing. It's all just stuck in neutral of poke-backaway, poke-backaway... No power struggles. No epic plays or great reads of the stronger DI."
"I know what U5 looks like. I'm working in it right now, albeit not on an extremely graphics intensive game. 

That cutscene does look fairly nice, but not *great*. It looks approximately on par with, say, Mortal Kombat X, which uses a heavily modified UE3. Not UE4. UE3."
I don't think it is always so much them lying and more so them not being able to reach their initial goal in the allotted time or within budget.  Maybe they genuinely thought they could get those graphic settings out but deadlines happened and other problems cropped up that required more work.  Sure in some cases they know the game won't look like that but maybe sometimes they really worked to make the entire game look like their initial showing but came up short.  
"This is like saying players need to decide between street fighter and marvel vs capcom. No choice needs to be made, they are separate communities."
"The Witcher 3 then must be reusing texture assets. Again, you can't magically have more texture data in the same amount of space.

Shadow of Mordor's requirements were perfectly reasonable. If you play the game, you'll notice that there is very little ""tiling"" on the ground. The devs simply chose to spread their high-res textures over a larger area. If it looked ugly, that was the fault of the art style.

Where would they have offloaded the ""stuff"" to?"
"The funniest part of that quote is that Melee, which has ""...all kinds of advanced techniques and a fast, precise movement speed..."", was an incredibly popular party game and the vast majority who bought it played it casually for fun, not competitively.

I'm not arguing that smash4 isn't competitive, so noone bite my head off for that. The better player will win the vast majority of the time. I do believe, however, that the smash4 competitive scene will die as soon as the luster wears off in a year or two. It's just too defensive and too slow/boring to watch for it to retain it's popularity."
"&gt;There's also the game’s curious “rage mechanic,” which increases attacks’ knockback the more lives a character has lost.

Barring that detail, the author provided pretty good arguments on Melee being punish-based and Smash 4 being read/discrete-based and the constant conflict between Nintendo's focus on the series as a party game versus players playing the game in a competitive format. I also appreciated the coverage how the Smash 4 scene has developed and supporting with quotes from players and Nintendo. The title is rather clever as it refers to different games in the franchise for the first half and Smash 4 by itself in the second half."
"Seems like the exact same thing that happened with StarCraft: Brood War and StarCraft II. Both games are similar, but at a competitive level they play very differently.

To date they both are still being run competitively, though BW took some hits with KeSPA replacing it with SC2. Though more recently as more of the players who were forced into SC2 by KeSPA switch back to BW, it's been making a bit of a comeback."
"An nvidia rep replied to the claims saying that no physx is offloaded to the gpu and that there is no evidence it is either. That the claims are completely fabricated.

So nvidia have no idea what the op is talking about. I'd say it's a justified misleading tag. "
"&gt; Radeon HD 7350

This does not meet the minimum requirements. 

http://www.systemrequirementslab.com/CYRI/Requirements/the-witcher-2-assassins-of-kings/11073?p=r

http://www.videocardbenchmark.net/compare.php?cmp[]=296&amp;cmp[]=588&amp;cmp[]=119"
The two games play so ridiculously different there is hardly any carry over between the two. Anyone who has ever even watched the two at a high level can tell that in a heartbeat. 
Separate stories that run in tandem with events that occur from the show including main characters.   The previous episode is still behind the show and will probably remain that way.
"This article get its timeline right and it's a worthy read, especially for the Smash 4 stuff.  

But it almost feels like 2 months too late.  The antagonism between games has died down considerably, the sky no longer feels like it's falling.  I think most people just don't care anymore and accepts them as their own games with their own scenes.  Both are pretty healthy right now with new nationals and tournaments getting announced all the time, this negativity is a bit overblown.

If anything, this is the closest both sides have been since there has ever been sides."
"It's funny, because it's technically very true. Most of the Smash scene's best and most popular competitive players play Melee - in large part because the Melee scene has had years to accrue a huge and dedicated following and develop extraordinary talents. It would be like saying that a League of Legends 2 would be the game of choice for the majority just because Dyrus, Bjergsen, Faker, and the other major stars stick with LoL1."
"It's not *quite* like that. More likely they had that quality for a lot of areas, but couldn't make it look like that on other, more demanding ones. If one area has better textures than others then the game just looks worse altogether. And obviously for the demo you're gonna show the stuff that's ready, not the stuff you are still working on and haven't realized yet that you won't be able to do."
"GTX 970.

The 15"" retinas with a discrete GPU have 750Ms. Not even the same *order of magnitude*. Even the 5K display iMac has a M290X, which is somewhere between 1/3rd and 1/4th of the GTX 970."
"Well I'm sure when those trailers and screenshots were shown they had every intention of implementing those features across the board.

But then certain realities arise and they realize it's not worth the time and money to fully implement features that only 1% of players will even use. Or maybe they hit technical problems when trying to implement them everywhere or it turned out the performance hit was larger than they originally thought."
"Yeah really. Still can't believe people were getting so upset over which one was better to play, so silly. But everything's pretty great now."
You're trying to play a game with hardware that they don't support. You have no right to complain about the fact that it doesn't work. That's ludicrous. 
I'm actually referring to how the Brawl community was the same way when they were the more popular game.
"This is why I like when developers leave little descriptions like ""Note: This game has been balanced around normal mode. If you want to play the game the way the developer intended choose normal."""
"The smash series is really comparable to what Counter strike went through. Melee is to Brawl as CS 1.6 is to CS:Source. Complete overhaul in the game engine, very different in what you could or couldn't pull off, and split the community pretty harshly. 

Smash 4 could be where CS:Global Offensive is. Although competitive GO is still growing and is way larger than 1.6 nowadays (and IDK enough about the smash scene to say about 4), 1.6 still has a very active and separate competitive scene, like what's going on in Smash.

That being said, CS:GO is meant to be the replacement for CS:S and CS:1.6, a way to tie the games back together (the vast majority of 1.6 teams have migrated to GO), and I don't know if Nintendo intended Smash 4 to be the same."
I imagine its solely based on the declining popularity of the Borderlands franchise and the fact that the GoT season 5 is currently airing. Its free advertising.
"My wife's Master's thesis utilizes the Oculus Rift. Her school runs OSX.

It has been a god damned nightmare and a half. I am fucking ecstatic that Oculus finally came out publicly to say ""yeah, this shit just ain't working and isn't worth our time."""
"During the last EVO, there were 9 different characters used for top 8 (and there's also a few viable characters which were not used such as Falcon, Samus and Yoshi)"
"&gt;  A larger divide between the casual and competitive audiences, ultimately making it hard for the developers to compensate for both

Even Brawl and S4 have huge divides between casual and competitive audiences, in addition to that Melee was a huge party game and I played it purely as a casual for like 10 years. 

That's one of those statements that people repeat, but it holds little weight."
"&gt;/u/MassGravity [score hidden] 24 minutes ago 
&gt;
&gt;Nvidia is a shitty company by ""accidentally"" making GameWorks PhysX API only for their cards and not sharing the goods with AMD users. 

Meanwhile, in the real world;

https://www.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/comments/366iqs/nvidia_gameworks_project_cars_and_why_we_should/crc3ro1

&gt; The assumptions I'm seeing here are so inaccurate, I feel they merit a direct response from us.
&gt; 
&gt; I can definitively state that PhysX within Project Cars does not offload any computation to the GPU on any platform, including NVIDIA. I'm not sure how the OP came to the conclusion that it does, but this has never been claimed by the developer or us; nor is there any technical proof offered in this thread that shows this is the case.
&gt; 
&gt; **I'm hearing a lot of calls for NVIDIA to free up our source for PhysX. It just so happens that we provide PhysX in source code form freely on GitHub** (https://developer.nvidia.com/physx-source-github), so everyone is welcome to go inspect the code for themselves, and optimize or modify for their games any way they see fit.
&gt; 
&gt; Rev Lebaredian

&gt; Senior Director, GameWorks

&gt; NVIDIA

Nice use of quotes around the word 'accidentally.'"
"Remember that the GoT season has six episodes while Tales from Borderlands has only five, so it makes sense to have a shorter interval between the episodes."
"The change from Melee to Brawl and Smash 4 is many magnitudes greater than any changes between any of the Counter Strike games. A huge amount of players (including professionals) migrated from 1.6 to GO, while even after Smash 4 came out Melee is still growing consistently."
"I didn't know that. That makes a lot more sense. 

As they all fall under Telltale, they probably have to be careful not to overlap release dates."
"&gt;declining popularity of the Borderlands franchise 

I mean, The Pre-sequel came out a while ago. The Handsome Collection is out but it's just a collection of 2 and TPS. I wouldn't say the franchise is on a decline. I would attribute the delay to the fact that Telltale has a lot of things games in development right now or that GOT is really popular."
"It depends on who you ask and how you define it. Besides having the same characters and general rules, I believe that melee and smash 4 dont have very much in common. Analogy wasnt the best, but regardless I feel like a point was clear. "
"I've been in both the Starcraft and Smash scenes for almost a decade (I'm not good, but I've been consistently playing and watching) and while the major story arc of ""community leaves old game for shiny new one, then goes back"" and you also have the similarity for the scenes with ""lots of casual players, and also the competitive scene has small bits and pieces globally, the hub is in one country (U.S.A. for Smash, South Korea for Starcraft)"" being sort of similar, there are some major differences worth noting.

- You had things like the [Korean Air OSL Finals](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aw-42JO3qk) and the *domination* of PC Bangs for Starcraft. It was cultural. I swear I've read somewhere that if you could consider it a sport, it would have been South Korea's third or fourth biggest at its peak. Smash does not come remotely close to that - viewership hits 100k for Evo but your average major event won't even come close to that - and that's on Twitch, a very niche platform in the grand scheme of things. As ""esports"" as Smash is now, it is definitely far more grassroots. 
- When MLG dropped Melee, it hurt the Melee scene a lot, but it survived. When WCG dropped Brood War/switched to SC2, the international (i.e. non-Korean) scene for Brood War straight up became one dude (Sziky) getting a small paycheck each weekend from random online tournaments hosted by the small group of guys still left. 
- Even at the Korean level, Brood War is not making nearly the same comeback that Melee is. The playerbase for competitive Melee is the largest it has ever been. The influx to the Brood War scene is like actually 99.999% people who were already in the Brood War scene and left, then came back. And it's only a small handful of those guys. I'd be curious to see viewership statistics for SSL11 compared to the golden era.
- While both playerbases are fairly vocal about ""Well these techniques that make the game harder but much more competitive and incredibly deep and super beautiful were taken out and I'm going to grumble about it online"", nobody in Starcraft solves the problem by playing Brood War. In Smash, the dissatisfaction with the newer games typically leads to people just playing Melee (or for the really old, the even more niche Smash 64, haha).
- I cannot emphasize this enough: Starcraft in general is not gaining popularity. At all. If LotV doesn't pull a miracle and breathe life into the shrinking Starcraft scene - and objectively you really can't - then the Starcraft scene is more or less where it's going to be. Smash, on the other hand, is growing. There are also an incredibly small amount of casual Starcraft players thanks to the way that Blizzard handled custom games in SC2 (BW custom games were its lifeblood, as was the case for WC3 after it), whereas there are tons of kids who are just playing Smash 4 with items on, maybe with Wiimotes, their Amiibos and neighborhood buddies by their side - and they may eventually waltz into competitive smash's corner of the internet. It's seriously how a ton of smashers got into the scene - just ""I want to beat my friends, oh hey look there's this SmashBoards place with tons of resources...oh wow there are tournaments for this game?"" Starcraft won't have that.

**tl;dr: Starcraft's comeback is like if a few more Blockbuster stores started popping up. Smash's comeback is like if that local food joint that almost closed down a few years ago suddenly became the spot to go to and had to open up another location.**"
This is why I just wait for all the episodes to come out and buy them all in a cheap bundle or something. 
Can anyone that plays these tell me if they've gotten better? I really liked WAU and was p hype when they announced asoiaf game but I played the first 2 and the writing and characterization was pretty embarrassing. 
"If you like to program, it can be a way better experience than windows. Having the best platform for gaming and working would be wonderful"
"Reddit seems to hold Linux on a very special pedestal.  I've tried it and given it a thorough rundown.  Yes, it's great.  Yes, you can do a lot more to fine tune your experience.  

But you know what?  I'm sticking where there's software.  There are certain programs (many, actually) that I need that only work on Windows.  Whenever you fire that back at a Linux fanatic, they always jump to one of two things:   ""There's a **free and open source** alternative to it.  It's been in alpha for like five years, but it still works decently.""  Or, ""you need to just dual boot and encourage people to switch.  We'll never take down the Microsoft regime if people don't make some sacrifices.""  I'm sorry.  I'm not going to waste my time and hard drive space dual booting and constantly switching between work spaces to make a tiny, TINY dent in Microsoft's armor to encourage Linux support.

I don't mean to rag on all Linux users, of course.  But I'm awfully tired of the ""just watch, it's going to take over the desktop.  You'll see.  It's the only place where it hasn't taken over yet"" argument.  There's a reason it hasn't:  it doesn't fit the needs of the people who use desktops.  Windows works great and is simple to understand.  Linux *can* work great if you're willing to put in several weeks of learning and tweaking (and possibly even reinstalling the OS) before you even begin to grasp it.  There are certain things it does better, I'll admit.  The package manager is ingenious, and Linux OSs are generally better suited for certain development environments (web development especially).  But we have to be realistic, Windows is never buding unless it takes some serious bad turns and it pisses of the billions of people who use it."
"No, a better comparison would be Street Fighter 3 and Street Fighter 4 since they are the same series. "
I wonder why a linux user would not want to use a device that doesnt support linux. Amazing isn't it?
"Why should I care about the other game? We all just play the game for fun/competitive drive/community...could care less about esports/growth/sponsorships.

Literally when we go to events there is only melee players/setups there. There is zero interaction between the communities"
"&gt; There are also an incredibly small amount of casual Starcraft players thanks to the way that Blizzard handled custom games in SC2

yeah...biggest disappointment for me. I got starcraft 2 but quickly lost interest. I got into WC3 for the campaign stuff (treated it like any singleplayer game), moved onto to online, then finally stayed for the custom games. "
"While I definitely agree a lot of folk have drank the kool-aid and are trying to force it on others, a good desktop oriented Linux distro (Ubuntu or Mint come to mind) is actually a better choice for the vast majority of users.

Why? Because most folk just use their computers to browse the internet and occasionally write a letter (less of that these days because of email) or look through their saved pictures and what not. In that end, it is the same user experience (IE/Chrome -&gt; Chrome, Explorer -&gt; Nautilus or Nemo or whatever the fuck, and Word-&gt;Libre Write actually works in this case, unlike most situations where that office suite is horrifyingly crappy) with the added benefit of security (because less folk are targeting linux for viruses and the like, plus most users won't have root).

But yeah, once you get to people who actually *use* their computers, things become a lot murkier.

But either way: Don't listen to the jackasses. You do NOT need to ""get under the hood"" and the like, and you haven't had to for the better part of a decade. Hell, Mint is more ""windows"" than Windows 8. Just install it, and use it with a much less broken windows update (seriously, fuck whatever breaks windows update and makes me deal with all that hell every time I reformat to 8)."
What if I just use Linux because I like Linux? I've been running Linux since long before gaming was a serious thing on it.
"I like them a lot, actually. I've played all three so far that are out. I didn't realize they've grown such distaste, I just think they're great."
"I am really digging the GoT episodes and I say this as a book reader, the characters are distinct, they have well defined goals and people are generally rational, which is very refreshing compared to TWD season 2."
"&gt; Microsoft would have to gigantically fuck up backwards compatibility to lose that advantage. And that's not gonna happen

They are also the world's third largest company in terms of market cap, and they have some of the world's most brilliant engineers. "
"&gt; anybody who is a serious PC gamer and an early adopter of VR technology

Will most likely already have Windows."
"Oculus went on to raised about $90 million from investors, then got bought for $2bn.

As shitty as it is, any promises made during the kickstarter outside of physical rewards to be fulfilled are basically moot compared to obligations to other stakeholders, from their perspective."
"There's more to it than that, but the thing is it's mostly irrelevant because the consumer doesn't have to make an investment. 

If Linux users, en masse, would start ***purchasing*** Linux compatible games (and that p-word is important) it would prove that developer teams have an actual market. Right now there isn't a business on the planet who would take the risk on sinking money into a game just in the assumption that the market will follow.

If Linux users want Linux to be more viable, start buying games for it. Buy as many games as you can, get other Linux users to buy games. Prove that there is MONEY to be made in Linux development. Game studios don't give a shit about doing favors, they go where there are earnings to be had. Prove that they're there. "
"Last time I used AMD drivers on Linux, they were abysmal. NVIDIA drivers were not great in terms of difficulty installing them, but they worked well enough. 

However, I can't even use Linux for non gaming work now because X can't run one monitor off my Intel GPU and the other one off my NVIDIA one. Windows can."
Yeah a lot of people who haven't been following the scene until recently don't seem to realize this. The shit flew both ways.
"And that's fine.  I never said Linux wasn't good enough for servers — it's definitely my first choice for that kind of job.  But my personal PC?  Windows.  Always, always, always Windows."
"I really enjoyed TWAU. Honestly, my least fav would be TWD S2 and I still thought that was really good. I haven't played GoT though since I've yet to watch the show."
"In the Smash doc it gets shit on kinda hard. A lot of people's first introduction was through that doc and thus the opinion of Brawl was cemented fairly or unfairly.

Metaknight was really bad for that game as well. Really broken character when you consider the rest of the cast"
Fun fact: The average end user doesn't give a flying fuck about what way or how does he get the information/game/forum/video he/she want
"Have you played both games? The changes between 1.6 and GO are big, but a lot carries through from one game to the next. If you are good at 1.6 you will keep most of that skill in GO. Virtually nothing carries over from Melee to Sm4sh, as the fundamental movement, combo, and techniques existing in both games are completely different. Counter Strike remained Counter Strike at the heart, but competitively smash really didn't."
"I normally really enjoy the tell-tale games,  but I find Got to be almost like a chore. I sorta wish that they didn't go with such a fragmented story,  or if they did we saw some of the characters in the TV series before the game came out. I find it sort of hard to get any real attachment to the ironwood family. 
"
"Supporting monopolies is a bad thing for the ecosystem, and hence ultimately bad for the game company itself.  They're not digging their own grave, they're digging the graves of everyone else.  For example, many were concerned that Windows 8 spelled the beginning of a closed system Windows; much like Apple with iOS.  Microsoft taking a 30% cut off all apps on Windows is everyone's concern.

I agree, though, that looking at the bottom line, it totally makes sense to focus on Windows.  It's just that companies really need to see the forest for the trees and make whatever efforts they can to foster a healthy ecosystem.  It's about the long-term, rather than short-term plan.

That said, Oculus has had Linux and OS X support from pretty much day one, and I'm sure they'll back around to it (or fans will).  So I still give them props for that."
"I do it when I can, but the opportunities are very rare. I bought Cities Skylines on release day specifically because it fully supported Linux day one, and worked properly. More and more game engines are supporting Linux which should mean more opportunities to show my support."
"The availability of an Oculus runtime for OSX gives the impression that it was a viable option. However, it never really was. Even on equivalent hardware, Windows will always run Oculus better than OSX, because of the faults underlying OSX (old and unoptimized drivers, and a gimped, 5-year old implementation of OpenGL). This has been a (somewhat) well attested fact for a while among Oculus early adopters/developers. Many Oculus devs with Macs bootcamp for this very reason. However, once you put a product into consumers' hands that is supposedly a full product, rather than a dev kit, you can't expect this sort of thing.

Basically, because the runtime and SDK were available on OSX, it made people think that it was a competent platform for the device. In doing so, what happened on occasion, and would likely happen in the future, is that when the Rift ran like shit on OSX people blamed Oculus, instead of Apple (who are the real problem). By limiting their development and deployment to Windows, this won't be as much of an issue.

They could have spent a ton of time and resources trying to optimize their own runtime, but it's an uphill battle. People like to claim that the only reason (or, at least the main reason) why games aren't out for Mac is that developers don't think it's a good market. That's not true at all. Gaming on OSX is a comparative desert because OSX is structurally deficient so far as games technology is concerned. If Oculus were to tie themselves to such a piss-poor environment, it would invariably reflect poorly on their product."
As a book reader I've enjoyed Telltale's Game of Thrones far more than I've enjoyed this season of the show. 
"Brawl and SSB4 are very similar mechanically.  There's no big reason not to just move onto the next one like there was for Melee-&gt;Brawl.  If you liked Brawl, you like SSB4; there's not enough resistance to moving on to keep a Brawl scene.  "
Doom 3 had the best approach: selecting Ultra popped up a message saying that this option needs a card that (at the time) wasn't even in the market.
"The same kind of gamer that refused to upgrade from XP until its support ran out.

There will always be people who dislike change.

"
"I'm sorry. If you're good at Linux and things crashes left and right on windows for you, unless you're using Windows 98, then there's something wrong with your hardware or there's something wrong with you."
"I don't blame them for pausing OS X development, since you literally cannot buy a Mac with anything close to the recommended GPU without spending thousands of dollars on a machine only a very tiny fraction of Mac users actually buy."
"Nope, there's not a single Apple computer on their site that comes close to the recommended GPU spec. Especially not at a consumer level."
"Not really. There are more Mac users on Steam than Linux users, but there are more Linux users that actually meet the recommended hardware requirements for Oculus. Apple doesn't even make a consumer computer with a GTX 970. In fact, all their desktops except the Mac Pro use laptop hardware."
EVO 2015 numbers have shown a very small overlap between the games despite them boasting similar numbers. 
"Just rename the sliders: 

low -&gt; normal

normal -&gt; high

high -&gt; ultra

ultra -&gt; exessive

Suddenly nearly all can run the game on high and feel good and if exessive runs slow, the name makes clear why..."
"Well when they make every single character move extremely slowly and then add in another that can move across half the stage in an instant and teleport very quickly, it kind of breaks the game. "
"Nobody serious about Melee plays on an LCD. Nobody playing on an LCD is likely to care about input lag. Smash 4 might be good enough for Smash 4 fans, but it's Brawl 2.0. It's as different from Melee as 64 and Brawl are. Right now, other than PM, there is no game even remotely like Melee. Smash 4 might get big, but if it does it won't be because people are moving from Melee to it. It will be because it gets its own following."
"Of which both of the most popular ones run on some kind of unix, Android itself being heavily modified Linux.

I'd actually like to see the Linux market share including smart phones."
"Sorry, but I reallyyy just don't feel like you know what you're talking about.  Melee has much more competitive depth.  Like, seriously.  That game is on another level.  It's not going anywhere anytime soon.  

And it's accessible enough for people that really want to get into it.  And people play it on CRT's so that there isn't input lag.  It's comments like that that make me feel like you just don't totally have a grasp of the competitive Smash Bros scene.

Please don't take this the wrong way, as I mean no personal offence.  Cheers mate."
"It would appear that they're moving away from charging for the desktop OS for end users (10 will be a free update for the first year (even back to 7 users), 7 was a free update, 8.1 was a free update). DX updates being behind a paywall may honestly have been due to the fact that XP and Vista had completely different code bases, and completely different driver architectures. Shit isn't exactly drag-and-drop. It's shitty, but i doubt it would have been any different if they had 50% of the market rather than 90%."
Skyrim's combat system is incredibly boring and clunky. Dark Souls' combat system is a huge focus of the game and mastering it is very important to success. DS is also based around the incredibly important principle that a perfectly-skilled player should be able to avoid ever being hit by an enemy. No such design exists in Skyrim.
"Have you read the books / watched the show?

I feel the game does very well in reflecting the style and complexity of the original ASOIAF story. May not be for everyone, but I am enjoying the hell out of this game (although I think it would've been better if I waited until the whole season is out, so that I don't have that ""who was that guy again, and did I piss him off last time?"" feeling every new episode)"
Melee was a wildly successful party game when it came out. Why would that change? The competitive aspects of Melee don't make it a worse party game.
"The Pre-Sequel did a pretty good job of putting the franchise in decline. Borderlands 2 has a daily player peak of around 10k on Steam, on par with games like L4D2, DayZ, KSP, etc. and the Pre-Sequel isn't even in the top 100. "
"I think the technological idealists among us would prefer to not let a single company (Microsoft) be the only viable option for consumers.  People generally frown on monopolies.

It's kind of a chicken or the egg situation.  Linux won't gain traction with consumers until it's easier to use and handles popular media easily (Netflix, games, audio/video, etc).  And developers responsible for that media are reluctant to spend resources on developing for Linux until expanding to that market is more profitable than maintaining the status quo (Windows).

I think it's notable that Valve is pursuing Mac/Linux compatibility with their SteamVR from the onset.  It could bode well for Linux development if it takes off."
"Prioritize, uninstall common time sinks that you've already finished, or that are unfinishable (TF2, MMOs, roguelikes that you've already played/beaten.)

Be willing to cut your losses on some games and say ""I got what I need from it, this is enough."""
"Who says you have to finish all of them? I have a ton of indie games bought through various bundles and special offers and I have finished maybe 10% of them. 

Some games don't even have an ""end"", like for example Civ V, how am I suppose to ""finish"" that?

If you are referring to games with a story mode then just play the ones where you like the story and want to see the conclusion.

As long as you enjoy them while you're playing why does it matter if you finished the games? I would say it does not.

That being said if you really have to just pick a game and go to the end with it, don't swap to another until you finish it. Repeat ad nauseam."
"At a certain point in your life, you have to accept that you won't ever be able to complete your entire backlog. I realized that when my backlog started to make me feel anxious and finishing games felt more like a chore than anything else. Now I just play what I want, when I want, and I'm enjoying myself again!

The second option is to start living like a hermit, stop buying games and above all, to quit redditing.  "
"You also have to take into consideration that the whole game isn't built when they show those separate trailers. 

Things change during development and really the devs can't win. If those trailers didn't look amazing then pc gamers would criticise how shit the game looks and when they overshoot in the trailers then pc gamers cause a shit storm about downgrades and how consoles are killing the industry. 

Its pretty pathetic really. "
Games are supposed to be fun. It seems like if you're going to give yourself extra chores you might as well just clean your house or go to the gym or something.
"I used to feel the same way. But then I realized that no one is forcing you to play all those games. The money you spent on the games is already gone, so why force yourself to play something you don't enjoy? Also, if you are gaming out of obligation instead of fun, you should consider taking a break from games. I can guarantee that after a while, you'll be dying to start gaming again."
"Thanks, been trying this all of the time, but didn't really that work - since many of them are AAA+ title with a lot of replay value (GTA for instance), choosing one is the hardest thing to do. "
"Start by categorising or organising your games (if you haven't already). Once I organised my games into categories, I found it much easier to complete a game from start to finish.

My categories are:

* Games - This is basically just games that I have yet to play, my true backlog if you will.

* Completed Games - Games that I have played to a point that I deem worthy of being called ""Completed"". Doesn't necessarily have to be 100%, but usually at least finished the main story.

* Infinite - Pretty broad catagory, but pretty much any multiplayer games can go here, or endless runner type games, etc. Also, games that might have a main story, but you can still keep screwing around indefinitely, such as Skyrim, Saints Row games, GTA Games, etc.

* Meh - Games that I've played that I've deemed to be shit, and will not continue playing. Uninstall these games.

* Incomplete - Games that I've started and put a few hours into, but didn't complete the main story. Will most probably come back to at some point to finish or restart.

* Incomplete: Will Not Complete - Games that I've started but because I'm shit, I simply can't finish. Also a couple of games that I might enjoy, but it would just take far too much of my time to complete and I'm not willing to put that time in.

* Early Access - Games that I'm waiting until full release to play.


After doing this, and seeing my ""Completed Games"" list grow over time, I found it much easier to put in the effort to start and finish a new game. As for deciding which game to pick, sometimes I just go from A to Z. It takes the responsibility for deciding away from me!"
"Don't force yourself to finish a game, it usually makes you feel worse about the game. Play what you want to play. Enjoy a game until you don't, then play something new. I've bought games that I ended up only playing once or twice just because I'd rather be playing a different game. Don't feel like you need to play everything. Nobody has the time to play through all the new games that come out."
"What machine? I don't see anything on their site that meets the specs, not even the expensive as fuck Mac Pro."
"Was doing that a year ago while on my depression rehabilitation, now I'm back to work and full of schedules - time is precious assets, so I wanted to go back being a gamer on my spare time. 

Seems my gaming impulse buying try to catchup for the pause i did last year. "
Project M will never be a replacement. With Nintendo now part of the scene many big tournaments can no longer support Project M.
"Curious how such an unfun and ""glitchy"" game is attracting more players than ever over a decade later... Melee has insane depth and is accessible and fun at every skill level, while the later entries in the series are fun party games but supremely dumbed down in comparison"
"Cut your losses is very wise. When time is precious, slogging through something for the sake of completion/achievements isn't always the best."
"Same. People have often said I should simply go Linux even as a gamer cause Linux supports a lot of games these days.

But, the sad truth is that Linux doesn't support a lot more games. And for many games it's a big hassle to get them working. 

If you're a big PC gamer, Windows is the way to go."
"Just play what you feel like playing. The notion that you have to finish them is pretty bizarre.

And why buy them if you're not playing them?"
"Just beat the ""main"" thing and move on, unless you are really enjoying it - dont do it for completionism.

If a game doesn't grab your attention after investing 5 hours or so in it consider moving on. Yeah, you paid for it, it was a bad call - but forcing your way through it wont make it better. Dont dwell on it, move on

And most importantly, have fun. Games should be entertainment not duty"
"Yeah that's how I see it as well. I'm cursed with a short attention span and I like too many genres so there are a lot of games that I am interested in. That means that I will never be able to put hundreds of hours into any given game, but that's just how I choose to consume video games. 

If something like the Witcher comes along I will try to concentrate and at least finish the campaign, but it's also possible that I'll just stop playing it at some point, and come back to it later. As soon as I don't feel like playing the game anymore, I stop. I don't force myself to finish a game, otherwise it stops being entertainment and starts to become a job. 

I played the Witcher 2 in 3 chunks with months in between before I finally finished it, but I did finish it. 

But every now and then a game comes along that keeps me going like bloodborne did and I enjoy it when it happens a lot. It just doesn't happen as often anymore."
"I have some friends like that, they buy tons on games and they often end up not liking some of them (poor research, bad port, something that is less fun to play than it looks ... it happens to the best of us).

So not only do they think they ""lost"" money by buying it but they often force themselves to complete a game they don't enjoy, losing both money and time ... and then they rant about it for days and I'm pretty sure they'll post long message bitching about how bad the game was and how disappointed they are everytime they see a discussion about it.

So they wasted money, time, more time and even more time plus they leave the whole thing with negative feelings towards what should be their hobby. It's like taking a bad situation and making it worse at every possible turn x)
"
"The way I do things, I never play one game at a time.

I have a main time sink (it can be any MMO or multiplayer game) + one or two short games.

That way I can focus on a game, progress through a couple others and whenever my main game lacks content (eg. World of Warcraft at the moment, where we're pretty much done with 6.1 but are still weeks away from 6.2), I'll finish those two games.

You don't even have to play a lot of hours, I'd rather play 4 games a couple of hours a week each than the same game all week long unless I'm getting close to the end then off with every bit of patience, I will have to finish that one :)"
"The open-source Radeon drivers are fantastic.

I run an R9 295x2 with three displays attached and a fourth display attached to my machine's onboard Intel graphics adapter. It works wonderfully, plug-and-play, zero configuration required."
"I think Telltale's Game of Thrones has been fantastic so far, and would rate it amongst their best work. I can understand the myriad plot threads can be off putting but I have found all those threads to be entertaining and am very much invested in the fate of House Forrester.

The writing has been of quality and while plot progress was a bit turgid in the second episode, it was still good and the third livened things up plenty. "
"You can add custom categories which work like favourites (IE, expandable lists) in your steam library. Right click on a game, select 'Set Categories...' then you can create new categories or add games to existing ones."
"Don't play out of obligation, play out of passion. You call it a backlog, I call it options. The games you have already played are also among your options. Play whatever the fuck you feel like.
___
If you're not in the mood to play a certain game anymore but might be later, play it later instead of now. If you don't think you ever will enjoy it, just get rid of it. Sell or give away physical games, set digital games to Hidden. Why keep what you won't use?
___
Playing multiple games concurrently is fine, just make sure you only have one at a time with a long-term time commitment. GTA and Gunpoint is good, GTA and Bloodborne is bad.
___
Don't buy something unless either you intend to use it immediately or it's a special opportunity. This is a general life rule, to not buy shit that you could get whenever and don't need right now."
"I don't see anything particularly messy about the described codebase. Every programmer makes _some_ assumptions; if you're going to change something that people have made assumptions about, it will take effort to make sure everything continues to work. This is normal."
"If you're talking about the driver, then you don't have the latest one because this is it. If you're talking about Geforce Experience, you don't need it but it makes things way easier and automatic."
"oh ok, I get it. I recently swiched from ati to nvidia, called it geforce driver and thought this ""Geforce Game Ready Driver"" was a seperate software. It sounds a bit confusing from the topic."
I have plyed the 2 first episodes and while I think the story is nice and the characters feels genuin it feels way too much like you have no control over what happens
"I've felt that way about most of Telltale's games, they give you the illusion of choice. I've come to accept that's just the way it is with them though, I think the story they're telling with GoT is worthwhile even if you don't really have much control over what happens.

I can see why that lack of control irks people though."
"Don't buy so many games.

At this point I'd say start over. Keep the games you REALLY want to play and uninstall the rest. Then finish those before buying anything else.

I had like 20 games in my backlog and I thought I was swamped. I'm down to about 3 games now. But that was playing all day since the start of 2015. Good luck dude."
Quick question because I'm debating getting a new card: will a 970 GTX be enough to run this game at high settings (it probably won't run it a max I assume)?
"Oh for fuck sake.

How is it anything like an ""ubisoft move""? Even remotely? Even if you accept that the game has been ""downgraded"" how is it ""shitty"" of them when they have released review copies and current build footage weeks before release?

The entire fucking ""argument"" that downgrading from advertised graphics is bad is that it misleads consumers into buying something that doesn't exist... The game still isn't out, go get your refund if the downgrade is putting that much sand in your panties.

Yes the graphics are worse than demonstrated in prior footage, undeniably, though if you believe them they said it was an unworkable build. Regardless they haven't mislead anyone directly because the current state of the game is openly being demonstrated prior to release, a time when people can still opt out of any bullshit preorders.

Unless you're one of those PC gaming conspiracy theorist that is convinced ever single bad decision made, ever, in the history of time is all about ""console parity""."
There drivers Nvidia specifically made to work better for The Witcher. They will most likely improve performance quite a bit.
"Minus Hairworks, and maybe a couple of other expensive settings dropped from ultra should have the game running at 60+ comfortably.

edit: replied to wrong person. Oh well, same thread."
"&gt; HOWEVER, note that there are still no PC review codes sent out.

You should probably update your info. PCGH and Gamestar(both German PC gaming magazines) already have PC versions. Not to mention many Twitch streamers playing Witcher 3 on PC since atleast yesterday. 

And with the day-one patch there's not that much of a downgrade. The first two are showing the difference between retail version and day-one patch applied.:

http://www.pcgameshardware.de/commoncfm/comparison/indexb2.cfm?id=125702

http://www.pcgameshardware.de/commoncfm/comparison/indexb2.cfm?id=125693

http://www.pcgameshardware.de/commoncfm/comparison/clickSwitch.cfm?id=125699

http://www.pcgameshardware.de/commoncfm/comparison/indexb2.cfm?id=125700

http://www.pcgameshardware.de/commoncfm/comparison/clickSwitch.cfm?id=125691

And some early hardware test results pre day-one patch:

http://www.pcgameshardware.de/The-Witcher-3-PC-237266/Specials/Technik-Test-1158845/

In short: runs perfectly fine on Ultra with GTX 770 or 280x at a maximum of 2GB VRAM. CPU load is split evenly on all cores. With the day-one patch you probably have to turn down a bit because some graphic features were missing before."
I might be the only one but I'm starting to find LEGO games a little stale. For the most part sometimes they just control like ass. LEGO Batman 3 was really bad with this especially with some of the fixed angles and bugs/glitches.
The big one is stop buying more games. Sure you've got a backlog. You won't stop buying games you don't play.
"The problem with longer games like the Witcher, at least for me, is if I stop playing I'll say something like, ""Oh, I'll finish later."" If I do come back I'll probably just start a new game because it's been so long. I can't tell you how many times I've started a new game in Skyrim and Fallout New Vegas because of this."
"So I'm curious... people who spent a lot of time with BE:  does this address any of what you personally see as its major shortcomings?
"
"After the first wave of great colony ships departed Earth, the jubilation of humanity was short-lived. Those left behind fell into a violent struggle over the quickly-diminishing resources on their barren home world. From this tumultuous time, four new factions arose. These newcomers were grounded not in the idealism of their predecessors, but on opportunism, resilience, ruthlessness, and above all a commitment to their own survival.

Now, many decades after their first landfall on a new planet, the proud survivors of the first expeditions beyond Earth look up to see the skies darkened by a new breed of pioneers.

Beyond Earth extended the Civilization franchise from its historical setting into the possible futures of science fiction. Rising Tide extends Beyond Earth to new frontiers on the planet’s surface and beneath its seas, adding even more choices and diplomatic options as you continue to build “just one more turn” toward a new vision for the future of humanity.

**FEATURES**

Colonize the Ocean: Build floating settlements and access natural resources hidden beneath the seas of the alien planet. Alien beasts with unique abilities inhabit the water and challenge the player in new ways. The ocean provides a fully replayable map, new gameplay mechanics and strategic possibilities for players to reign supreme on their new world.

Dynamic Leader Traits: Players and AI Leaders alike unlock new Traits through gameplay and activate different combinations to respond to the changing world. These dynamic sets of Traits also provide benefits and add to the new Diplomacy system, governed by the new Fear and Respect attributes.

New, Enhanced Diplomatic Options: Shape the diplomatic landscape by using political capital to upgrade your traits, change diplomatic relationships, and leverage the benefits of your allies’ traits.

New Sponsors: Four new factions have been added to the game including Al Falah, nomad explorers descended from wealthy and resilient Middle Eastern states that possess a rich cultural and commercial heritage.

New Artifact System: Collect and combine powerful relics to unlock new perks, unit upgrades, and buildings for your faction on the new world.

New Hybrid Units: Affinities are competing visions for the future of humanity. By investing in multiple Affinities, rather than specializing in just one, players can unlock special hybrid Affinity units and upgrades.

New Biomes: Two new world types have been added. Primordial worlds are rife in volcanic activity and the chaotic landscape of a world still forming. Frigid worlds have cooled in their great age, their surfaces covered with icy oceans and frozen tundra."
"The biggest shortcoming of the game is how face palmingly stupid the AI is... but nothing new for Civ fans there.

The other issue was simply a lack of variety and personality in my opinion, and the leader traits (etc) could go some way to fixing this issue. BE was just sterile."
"Personally, I'd hold off. If they're releasing expansions there will be an inevitable GOTY or complete package in the future."
"&gt; there will be an inevitable GOTY or complete package

Thats what I'm waiting for. I still feel burned by Civ5, and most of the reviews for BE likened it to an extensive reskin of Civ5. "
"At least for me, water tile based cities and more meaningful hybrid affinities does make the game more attractive to me.

I still doubt that the AI will be any better."
I'm impressed the 960 reaches 27 FPS on Ultra. Maybe I'll actually be able to run the game at 40 FPS on Medium!
"&gt;The other issue was simply a lack of variety and personality

biggest one for me.  I'm a very casual Civ player and I played like 3 hours of BE because it was just such a clone of Civ5 that I got bored instantly.

Some of these expansion changes look intriguing, and change the game enough to make it seem like it will be significantly different than Civ5.   But IMO it should be free.  I won't be investing in the expansion."
"This is my biggest problem, I even bought a notepad to jot down where I was last upto and what I was doing. It didn't work."
"&gt;I still feel burned by Civ5

Then you will never like BE. Why do you not like Civ 5 btw its amazing."
AMD is releasing a driver for Project Cars this week. It might include some minor tweaks for the Witcher 3 but since they haven't had early access to the game it's unlikely we will see a well-optimized driver until next month.
"&gt; Reddit tends to vastly overestimate Linux gaming support.

I'll have you know the year of Linux is right around the corner."
"It will be exciting to see how all of the changes and feedback were implemented. I don't think SE has ever done something like this before, outside of their MMOs."
"&gt; But IMO it should be free. 

I want to accuse you of being entitled, but looking at the list of changes it does seem more like big patch than an expansion. I think the changes need to go pretty deep to get me to put my money on the table too."
"I hope it scales well. 6950 still with 11fps on ultra?

You guys think I might be able to play on everything low with ~30 fps"
"If you are using an Nvidia card and running it around 30, to stablize your framerate and make it much smoother, I highly recommend using the control panel options for Nvidia. Select the game and set Adaptive Vsync Half Refresh Rate.

Locked 30 fps is far less juddery than 30-45 bouncing around. Not as smooth as 60fps locked, but still smoother."
"Holy shit, even the new titan can't reach 60FPS on 1440p Ultra? That's harsh. Time to SLI my 970 I guess."
"&gt; You and everyone else who uses the term ""conspiracy theorist"" have something in common: you underestimate the corrupting effect of money, and you underestimate the lengths people will go to for said money.

Implying CDPR made this big budget video game with something other than money in the top motivations to do so"
"That to me is an issue with these benchmarks. Sure, they're a benchmark that compares things, but it's only high/ultra. 

The Titan X seems the only one that's capable of hitting 60 fps, on high/ultra, but it would be more useful to more people if they showed the range that the game is capable of, do benchmarks low/medium too. As much it's a point of PC gaming that you can reach for the stars if you can throw money at your machine, another point is that you can scale things down."
"On PS4 you are locked to 30fps and details around medium/high (most likely). Your PC can give you 30fps at ultra, or more fps at lower presets. I would still go with PC."
"For me, BE was sunk by the fact it failed both in terms of balance and in terms of narrative. 

For the former, we can't tell how this patch will change things. The affinity system and quest systems were both terribly balanced and there's no word on how they'll be changed in this patch. Games often come down to who wins the RNG roll for their quests and is thus able to tech into some absurdly good unit with it. If anything, adding extra affinity synergy could make this problem even worse.  If they're not fixed, then cool features like the tech web will continue to be irrelevant. 

From a narrative point of view, it's still going to suck. The problem is that Civ has always been a game where you create your own story, but this breaks that convention. There's a lot more setup, and the intro does a beautiful job of painting a bleak picture of a dangerous, unforgiving world of potential waiting for you below. Then you land, and after 50 turns you realise it's just a badly reskinned Civ V without the  character. It's a shame because AC was dripping with personality, and it struck the perfect balance between shaping your own story and fitting into a greater narrative. 

Now they've sort of acknowledged just how badly they fucked this up in BE, and the leader traits/artifacts may very well help ease those issues but I think that they botched it so hard in the base game that it would take an expansion of epic proportions to fix it. 

A great example is the native alien threat. Adding greater alien diversity by opening up the sea doesn't change the fact that they still absolutely suck. They have no personality and almost no impact on the game after a certain point and need a massive overhaul. At the moment, no matter where you are on the map, no matter what said map is like, no matter what has happened between you, the other races and the aliens up until that point, they are just ""generic aliens x and y"". They don't adapt, they don't grow, they don't change to suit their surroundings, they don't ever really feel like the living, breathing menace that the game's lore tries to paint them as. "
"He's probably referring to the fact that launch civ 5, and G&amp;K civ5 to an extent, were both kinda shit, and the game didn't become the fantastic game it is until BNW and patches."
That should be better than a single 980. The only way for you to get better performance is with two 980s or a Titan Z or X. Why on Earth are you worrying? Evidence from streamers is that a 980 is good for Ultra with dips to 40 MAYBE in intensive scenes and another streamer apparently had no problems at all with SLI 980s. 
"&gt; *After the first wave of great colony ships departed Earth, the jubilation of humanity was short-lived. Those left behind fell into a violent struggle over the quickly-diminishing resources on their barren home world. From this tumultuous time, four new factions arose. These newcomers were grounded not in the idealism of their predecessors, but on opportunism, resilience, ruthlessness, and above all a commitment to their own survival.*

&gt; Now, many decades after their first landfall on a new planet, the proud survivors of the first expeditions beyond Earth look up to see the skies darkened by a new breed of pioneers.

&gt; Beyond Earth extended the Civilization franchise from its historical setting into the possible futures of science fiction. Rising Tide extends Beyond Earth to new frontiers on the planet’s surface and beneath its seas, adding even more choices and diplomatic options as you continue to build “just one more turn” toward a new vision for the future of humanity.*

&gt;-------------
&gt; **FEATURES**

&gt; **Colonize the Ocean:** Build floating settlements and access natural resources hidden beneath the seas of the alien planet. Alien beasts with unique abilities inhabit the water and challenge the player in new ways. The ocean provides a fully replayable map, new gameplay mechanics and strategic possibilities for players to reign supreme on their new world.

&gt; **Dynamic Leader Traits:** Players and AI Leaders alike unlock new Traits through gameplay and activate different combinations to respond to the changing world. These dynamic sets of Traits also provide benefits and add to the new Diplomacy system, governed by the new Fear and Respect attributes.

&gt; **New, Enhanced Diplomatic Options:** Shape the diplomatic landscape by using political capital to upgrade your traits, change diplomatic relationships, and leverage the benefits of your allies’ traits.

&gt; **New Sponsors:** Four new factions have been added to the game including Al Falah, nomad explorers descended from wealthy and resilient Middle Eastern states that possess a rich cultural and commercial heritage.

&gt; **New Artifact System:** Collect and combine powerful relics to unlock new perks, unit upgrades, and buildings for your faction on the new world.

&gt; **New Hybrid Units:** Affinities are competing visions for the future of humanity. By investing in multiple Affinities, rather than specializing in just one, players can unlock special hybrid Affinity units and upgrades.

&gt; **New Biomes:** Two new world types have been added. Primordial worlds are rife in volcanic activity and the chaotic landscape of a world still forming. Frigid worlds have cooled in their great age, their surfaces covered with icy oceans and frozen tundra.

Here you go."
"Just like from the first day everybody expected, ""Remember how much Civ V sucked until the DLC? Yeah, it's gonna be the same. Until then i stick to the other games.""

Joke aside, this game has the potential to be better than Civ 5. Too bad that potential has to be with DLC's. I'm not sure if i'm mad or not considering how awesome Civ 5 now is because of the DLC's. 
"
"If you look at the benchmarks a 290X is already equal to a 970 at 1080p with the new driver. Minus hairworks of course, but that's not playable on a 970 either, so it doesn't matter."
A major update to what is essentially a demo? Amazing! I wish I was one of the people who bought Type-0 and got in on this - FFXV has been of my most hyped games for several years. Alas I do not yet own a PS4 and am stuck watching videos on youtube.
If you have a 960 I'll imagine you'd easily run it ad medium. People seriously undermine there graphics cards on here.
"So even the water is not tessellated and physically rendered anymore? Also, I'm seeing a lack of real reflection on the water surface as well"
Really surprised to see a 770 lower than a 285x and 960. Most likely because it's the 2gb version I'd imagine.
"You may be able to run it but keep in mind you are below minimum specs (660). A 560 TI fits [here](http://www.videocardbenchmark.net/high_end_gpus.html) on Passmark's benchmark and Nvidia also released a nice  [infographic](http://international.download.nvidia.com/webassets/en_US/shared/images/products/shared/lineup-full.png) detailing cards and how they compare to other generations.

As you can see a 970 is a significant improvement on a 560, much more so than the 960."
"How can you benchmark a game like Witcher 3, include the 960, 970,  Titan X and NOT the 980? ffs

**EDIT: The page has now been updated to include 980 cards. Guess I was just impatient.**"
"Twenty? God damn, I wish I had your self control...

My buying practices have gotten a lot better since I got my wife and myself into Guild Wars 2 but I've still got a backlog bigger than the sun.

When my son gets older we're going to play ALL of them. Even the crap ones."
"I want this to be real. That game (Project CARS) runs at 20FPS on very high settings. 

EDIT: Using a 290."
"Look at Beyond Earths sales and retained though. NOBODY stayed with that game. It was bad. A poor copy/paste job with no interest to keep you playing.

What makes them think this will get people to come back AND spend money. Either focus on getting people BACK to the game, or move on to a new game, but making an expansion for a dead game is stupid. They had no commitment, no season pass pre-sold like these other companies. They coulda just said ""Welp we tried"" and moved on. They aren't making the game better to get players back, they are selling a new piece of additional trash in my eyes, and I will not play it until it is damn near free."
"&gt;  time is precious assets, so I wanted to go back being a gamer on my spare time.

I understand the desire to get a return on investment on games, especially ones you haven't even touched yet but with time in such limited supply, you're only going to resent your freetime playing games if you force yourself to play games you might not be in the mood for.

Forgive yourself for buying all those games. Yes, I said forgive, lol. Not to sound melodramatic but you're feeling guilty for spending/acquiring more games than you can devote time to.

So forgive yourself and let the desire to complete everything just go. If it helps, next time you have some free time, spend **5 minutes** starting a new game from your backlog. Time yourself for those 5 minutes as soon as you reach the game's main menu. After those 5 minutes, decide if you'd rather keep playing or do something else. If you decide to play another game, don't feel guilty, just do what you want. Even if it's a game you spent hundreds of hours on before. (There's of course no way you're going to get a proper taste of the game in those 5 minutes. The goal here is to see if there is something: an inkling or snapshot of interest, that would make you want to come back in the future. If there's nothing, then great! You've written off a game that's not worth your time. And you've only spent a few minutes to do it.)

Your free time is ""me-time"". It should be about what you find enjoyable, even if it's things you've done ad nauseum before. By all means, mix it up if you're getting bored, but don't force yourself into activities if it's a struggle."
"This is a gameworks game (it has hairworks), which means they have an NDA and AMD will not get the code of the game like nVidia does."
"&gt; What makes them think this will get people to come back AND spend money.

Civ5 does. Try not to forget that Civ5 was a mess when it was released. That game is only a boss now because of a million patches and two expansion packs. I suspect they won't be too concerned about failing to pick up repeat business, as gamers may be cynical but we also seem to be creatures of habit. Unfortunately.

After reading the interview about this pack, however, I honestly don't see what it offers as a paid expansion when it just fixes the core game and adds one major elements no one asked for really. Either they are playing their cards close, or they are just taking the micky with it."
"Beyond Earth seems like a pretty divisive game, but personally I absolutely love it and I play it more often than Civ 5. Mechanically, Beyond Earth is still very much inferior to Civ 5 + Expansions, but for me the cool art design and Sci-Fi aesthetic make BE way more interesting. The emphasis on exploration and alien diplomacy in the early game is phenomenal, and the Affinities are a great idea even if they could use a little more development. Yeah the AI is bland and predictable, it's still missing some major features like religion and the late game is a tad dull. But it's just one of those games that I'm happy to overlook it's shortcomings because of how much fun it is at the core. 

Now that I know we're getting expansions with new leaders, (hopefully) improved AI and some other new features I'm sure I'll be sinking hundreds of hours into this game in the years to come. "
I've caught myself playing a game for the sake of finishing it while not really enjoying it that much anymore. I decided to stop doing that and gaming is a lot more fun for me now.
Considering how the game looks from the newest screenshots in combination with those benchmarks... The game doesn't seem to be very well optimized. I really expected more from CD Project. The graphical fidelity does not justify those numbers by any means. Sad. 
A german magazine just reported that the day one patch includes those features (like water reacting to you spells etc).
"The 980 is the headline of the 900 series, of course it should have been tested. Saying ""just add 15%"" is ridiculous when the whole point of benchmarks is to see EXACTLY how the card stacks up

**EDIT: The page has now been updated to include 980 cards. Guess I was just impatient.**"
"To bad hairworks tanks the framerate like crazy, even on a Titan X. I really hope they can optimize the game better with more patches :/. "
"Going from history, it seems like it'll turn from meh to great around the time of the second or third expansion."
"The OP is asking how to finish their backlog. Not how to get maximum fun from their library. They're going to have to make sacrifices in their time, and if they have games that are common time sinks, those should be the first go."
"Looking at these benchmarks, I feel like we aren't getting a good return on investment performance to visuals. I don't understand where all the power is going."
"I just wish they had more characters, fighting against the same few guys gets boring when BNW had like 30 characters."
You mean Nvidia will not release the code like AMD does? Isn't Gameworks and with that Hairworks proprietary Nvidia software? TressFX is the AMD solution and they've handed that out to people including Nvidia to optimize drivers for.
"Well, that didn't take long for people to attribute the game as being poorly optimized because their hardware can't play TW3 at Ultra 60 FPS. Or you know, the game looks pretty damn good and requires a beast to play it at 60 FPS Ultra.

How people ever thought they could play the 2013 version of this game with its ""non-downgraded"" graphics is beyond me if they can't even play the current version of this game. Had the 2013 version maintained people would just complain to high heavens about it being unoptimized because they couldn't hit 60 FPS Ultra @ 1080p on a GTX 770."
"If we are talking about the same part, it is told that Chloe's real father died ages ago and security guard is her step-father."
"Anyone else getting a *""why wasnt this in the game initially?""* feeling? I dont mean it in a sense that this was witheld content, but more that after the semi controversy of Civ V and how it didnt get good until the BNW, that theyd actually incorporate a pretty filled out game intially. Especially when the general consensus is that BE is largely a reskin/studio-created mod of Civ V. 


Like Colonzie the Ocean? *Really?* that wasnt already a thing? "
Double barrel and cool bad guys. Really excited to see more AAA fps games with a focus on single player. 
"&gt; A great example is the native alien threat.

Indeed. And the fact that the press release doesn't really address this should be a dead giveaway."
"I think I'm the only one around here that's still sane, because that first photo still looks great to me. So what it doesn't push your hardware? To me, all of this complaining just sounds like people won't be happy with anything less than what the real world looks like."
"Good news is that 970's can hit 60fps according to this just by disabling hairworks and Shadows to High, from the Ultra preset."
It's crazy to me that my friend and I were getting hyped about announcements for this game during programming class of our freshman year... Nine years ago lol.
"Consider that the game set to ultra on PC looks almost identical on PS4 which runs at 1080p/30fps, and then compare the hardware. I don't see how this would be considered well optimized at all. Also compare it to the GTAV PC port, it's like night and day."
"I want this to be a modern take on the old 'run-fast, super violence' Doom with legions of enemies, but I know we will probably get another action-horror type game like Doom 3.

*apparently it is fast paced and hyper violent, and that is a great thing.  Now we just need a heavy metal soundtrack and we are all set. E1M1 baby!"
"I was hyped for Doom when I was playing Wolfenstein with my classmates in the computer lab, 1992. It was glorious."
"The better question would be -- if they chose not to downgrade it, what on Earth would it take to run it?"
They are doing the benchmarks right now and the graphs are constantly getting updated (that's why it says 'Benchmark-Live-Ticker'). We can expect the GTX 980 within the next couple minutes/hours. 
"When you make a deal with nVidia gameworks, you sign a license agreement, that license prevents you from sharing your code with other manufacturers. 

This is entirely separate than the nVidia logo you see on the games. Usually nVidia ends up sending reference cards for the whole dev team and have nVidia developers optimize the rendering paths for their drivers.

I'm not at all surprised at /r/Games downvoting, there is always a staggering amount of disconnect between what the community here think is happening, and what is actually happening.

I haven't worked with AMD yet, company I work for has a history with nvidia. So I wouldn't really know about AMDs policies."
"I like the teaser. Now Bethesda has to deliver on an E3 show.
Dishonored 2?
~~Prey 2?~~
Fallout 4?
Doom!"
"Sweet. Cossacks and american conquest were pretty great Rts games. Also, I didn't realize there was a second. "
"While I agree BE was better than Vanilla Civ V, I disagree that they absorbed lessons from Civ V's years of post-release. BE simply didn't address the most persistent complaints from among players (AI diplomacy, multiplayer), but it did cut out the major draws of Civ V with expansions: a high diversity of distinct and flavorful civilizations to play and a wider variety of approaches to winning the game.

BE was never not going to be compared to Civ V with GnK &amp; BNW, because it pulled so much of its mechanics straight out of Civ V (right down to the exact text of diplomacy and tooltips). So the fact that it had a less-accessible narrative and no noticeable increase in sophistication was overall a disappointment."
"&gt; Nvidia optimizes TressFx for themselves, not AMD.

Because they *can*. That's the point. AMD releases to source code to anyone so Nvidia has the ability to optimize for their card.

Nvidia, however, makes their software propietary so AMD doesn't have the ability to optimize for their cards. This means that any games which use the technology will perform terribly on AMD cards. Why do you consider this a good thing? It leads to fracturing in the industry which is terrible for game developers/publishers and even worse for the consumers."
"Cossacks 1 &amp; 2 were *awesome*. My father will be thrilled to hear there's a third one in the making, as he still plays both on a pretty much daily basis. 

EDIT: Noticed they are ""simply"" remaking Cossacks 1 for a new audience. Noice. This will, hopefully, be epic."
"Keep in mind that ultra is ultra, likely VERY taxing compared to lower settings, likely also with fairly small visual impact. Compare it to TW2 on ultra, it's still hard for a lot of mid range cards to get up to 60 on max settings with ubersampling off, and that's from 2012.

At the end of the day, the amount if people with 970s and titans is still a fairly small percent of players (though its a large part of dedicated gaming communities). The majority will be playing on integrated graphics or things closer to a 660 if they have dedicated GPUs, and the game needs to run well on those systems at reasonable settings."
"For me the only redeemable aspect are the affinities.  The concept is great and probably would have been really nice if it lead to a much more defined difference between them, like your units would take on more unique abilities and physical characteristics related to the affinities.  It was interesting having more visible paths to victory, but I could never get past the fact that it just seemed like there was so much less to do than in Civ 5 once it had expansions.  With Civ, every turn had me making active decisions and actually caring about what was happening.  BE had me spending most turns doing nothing more than refreshing trade routes..."
FF14 has becoming a booming success. They're pretty tight lipped on sub numbers but It's pretty clearly the number 2 MMO right now next to WoW. Square would be stupid to not follow in the footsteps of the FF14 team. They listen to the player base and they deliver great content. I only wish I knew someone personally who played. I find it a bit hard to get into an established MMO without a friend.
"Man when they say teaser, they mean it. DOOM was a little bit before my time (my folks said I was too young to play it), but I played it a few years ago and while a little dated, it was super fun. Pretty excited that I can enjoy a new DOOM fresh from the oven."
"How is this a ""space"" based game? They added science fiction cities to the science fiction game already."
"To be honest, I'm having doubts that any amount of expansions can save this because they absolutely blew it with the atmosphere to this game. It barely feels like an alien planet, and that's something Alpha Centauri nailed 16 years ago. "
The important part to me is how slow those rockets fired through the air. That means more back to the DOOM roots of dodging around avoiding projectiles.
"I personally play it. Also, the community on /r/ffxiv is pretty friendly to new people, as is the community in general in game. There's a free 14 day free trial for the game:

http://ffxiv-freetrial.com/

Communication is pretty locked down on it, though. Stupid Gil spammers."
"&gt; The game is fast paced, with sprinting, double jumping, and mantling being possible. No reloading mechanics are present (there are ammo pickups however) nor regenerating health (instead possessing health packs). Players are not limited in the number of weapons they can hold. The weapons are displayed on a weapon wheel. The gameplay is intended to harken to the classic games in the series. A ""karate system"" is featured where the player can engage demons in melee combat. Fatalities feature in a manner similar to Brutal Doom. Keycards are used to open doors. 

These are the last reports we got from a closed gameplay demo at QuakeCon 2014. Hopefully it still is what is described above but you never know these days."
So what ever happened to a GTX 980 running the game at ultra at 60fps? The titan can barely hold 60fps.
"Here's what you'll need:

**Minimum System Requirements**

* Intel CPU Core i5-2500K 3.3GHz
* AMD CPU Phenom II X4 940
* Nvidia GPU GeForce GTX 660
* AMD GPU Radeon HD 7870
* RAM 6GB
* OS 64-bit Windows 7 or 64-bit Windows 8 (8.1)
* DirectX 11
* HDD Space 40 GB

**Recommended System Requirements**

* Intel CPU Core i7 3770 3,4 GHz
* AMD CPU AMD FX-8350 4 GHz
* Nvidia GPU GeForce GTX 770
* AMD GPU Radeon R9 290
* RAM 8GB
* OS 64-bit Windows 7 or 64-bit Windows 8 (8.1)
* DirectX 11
* HDD Space 40 GB

[source: pcgamer.com](http://www.pcgamer.com/the-witcher-3-system-requirements-announced/)

EDIT: I'm on a ~~770TI~~ 750TI and I've received the Witcher driver update."
"I really wanted to love that game going in as a casual Civ fan but, honestly, after a few games it just sort of lost its charm for me.  Can anyone comment on how the patches have improved it since the first month it was out?  Is it worth giving another spin prior to the expansion coming out?"
"Damn straight. My friend and I were playing through Doom and Doom 2 at the time and loving it, so the announcement that Doom 4 was going to be a thing was huge to us. And then a year went by, and another, with no more announcements for Doom 4, so we began to make a joke out of it. Now that it is actually going to be released, the two of us are convinced it's all a big hoax and that the game will perpetually be promised but never properly released lol."
"This is pretty standard from nvidia though. They are not open minded, AMD wasn't either until they were losing badly, now they want to push for openness. It always happen. 

Hell Microsoft is open sourcing a lot of stuff lastly, now that 95% of the end user devices are running something else (iOS or Android). A few years ago you couldn't share Microsoft code if you had it with a colleague if hasn't signed the NDA himself."
"Oh god I hate these fucking arguments. 

They know what Civ5BNW is, they ducking made it. They weren't trumped by some mysterious third party to release. 

They're coming after that game so it sets a benchmark.

It's like a few years ago when every smartphone was ""better then the IPhone 1"" while competing with the iPhone 4, congrats you're better then a product no longer for sale, it also beats carrier pigeons too. 

Also the strip every major version, I have to say I was one of the ones saying BE wouldn't get an expansion. And I'm surprised but happy it is. "
"I think this part is what people seem to forget about DOOM.  It was all about dodging rockets and fireballs while massive pink demons got all up in your face whilst running around (what felt like) large rooms with pits of green goo everywhere that hurt if you fell in it...

That and walking into the center of a room to grab that sweet looking gun before the lights all turn off and you shit your pants.

It wasn't sprinting down corridors while bad guys jump out in front (and sometimes behind) of you."
"Yes, the Prey 2 under development **at Human Head Studios** was officially cancelled, which is all that article confirms. Rumors have been circulating for quite some time that Arkane has been working on their own version of the project, so the question by /u/Misandry_Lmao is still valid."
"I found LEGO Marvel Superheroes to be quite solid control wise, with the exception of flight in the hub (worst flight control scheme ever?)"
"Great angle. Gamers are getting shit on repeatedly by publishers (Ubisoft, EA, Konami and **don't forget WB**) but we are in a ""golden age"" of developing. Developers aren't publishers, and often times they actually give a shit. I'm all for spiritual successors through new IPs. Yooka-Laylee is something I'm so excited about."
"Given that everybody seems to do this now, they might say it's available right after they announce it "
"First you talk how Doom 2 is the greatest game of all times and then you say this new Doom should be like Painkiller or Serious Sam, games that got pretty much nothing to do with Doom 2's gameplay or design. Painkiller and Serious Sams are nothing but corridor/arena shooters with almost zero non-linearity.

And nightmare mode is hardly well made. Respawning double-speed enemies and limited munitions is hardly good design or even fair. "
"I think if you compare vanilla Civ5 with BE you'll find that Civ still comes out on top and is quite replayable, sure you miss the stuff that came later but it's still a solid civ game where as BE felt like a half baked effort in terms of making me care about anything more than points going up/down.

The reason I am annoyed is simply how much I see BE as being a missed opportunity. It felt like a mod and to be honest there isn't much in this expansion that mods haven't already done. I rushed in to buy BE but I think I'll be waiting on a nice sale. "
It sounds like it's going to reducing pop-in. This is going to be more noticeable when you see the game in motion.  
"I never liked the double-standard in Civ V regarding ""favors"" like that.

When AI players come up to you wanting resources for nothing, they're kindly begging for a favor to prop up their impoverished nation between friends, and refusal is an act of callous hostility.

When you try it, it's a demand, one which they treat as a ruthless and infuriating affront to their dignity by trying to bully them into sparing resources to your evil empire."
"I don't think that will be much of a problem though. The Doom beta would be announced on Sunday if that's the case, the day before any other company's conference even starts. "
"Fucking this.

If the game struggles on a rig with much higher hardware specs than the PS4 yet returns the exact same graphic fidelity and FPS as the PS4: then the PS4 was given higher priority in the game's development and it was poorly optimized when ported to the PC."
"Nvidia has released their tweaking guide for The Witcher 3. There are tons of settings that will bring you beyond the fidelity of ultra settings.  

http://www.geforce.com/whats-new/guides/the-witcher-3-wild-hunt-graphics-performance-and-tweaking-guide#the-witcher-3-wild-hunt-system-requirements

Just look at the [improvements from their .ini tweaks](http://international.download.nvidia.com/geforce-com/international/comparisons/the-witcher-3-wild-hunt/the-witcher-3-wild-hunt-config-file-tweaks-interactive-comparison-1-on-vs-off.html).

"
"I agree, I can't understand how people can make that argument.

You know the way things should be done? Look at Europa Universalis III to Europa Universalis IV. EU3 received a ton of expansions/DLCs that changed a bunch of things. Did Paradox strip them all out of EU4? Hell no, they included all of the relevant ones, while making additional changes and improvements to the game.

I can *maybe* see that sort of argument work for something like Sims, where we're mostly talking about items being removed... items that need to be modeled and animated in a new engine. But in a strategy game like this, where we're mostly talking about systems and mechanics? No, I don't think that argument flies very well."
"Agree for sure, but plenty of other games have created fake but memorable characters. It's not easy I don't doubt it, but it did take away from my fun with the game. "
"Devs being able to make games on their own terms rather than have a publisher breathing down their neck to carve up and water down their games is the the best thing we've had in a long time. Hopefully, more game dev veterans will move out of the AAA scene and create spiritual successors of the games they love."
"If they show the same stuff they showed at Quakecon last year... you will be shitting your pants with excitement before it's over.

The game looks amazing."
"Only in NA. They have literally 0 say in how the game is developed or what CDProjektRed choose to do. Theyre just a means to an end (Getting the game published in NA).

When a publisher shits on the consumer its usually because the publisher *owns* the games developers, or they have a monopoly on the distribution. Neither of those are the case with Witcher 3. CDProjektRED will be using their own distribution site (GOG.com) along with Steam to distribute it to PC gamers, at least."
"Its not. Just reddit getting defensive for no real reason.

As a game developer I have found working with outside help to be difficult at best, the idea of working with AMD *and* NVidia is horrifying. Especially when certain things are going to run better on GCN and other techniques are going to run better on Nvidia. The idea of having both try to help optimize a game simultaneously would be crazy.

I have worked with Nvidia before and they were fairly helpful, they helped with PhysX and some graphical enhancements, most of which would run better on NVidia gpus but many of the optimizations sped up the game on all gpus including intel hardware."
"It's hard to say. I felt the game's biggest shortcoming was that the tech web presented choices that were very complicated but which didn't represent real choices- 20 confusing paths through the web, but in the end I just get some random economics buff and play the same way I would've before. 

My fear is that all the leader traits, artifacts, and hybrid units will do is make this worse. When you have a ton of things to choose over but everything is more or less the same, you just end up picking randomly and ignore it. 

That said, if diplomacy is improved that could matter a  lot. The AI never really seemed to adapt well to some of the stuff that was unique to BE before, so I guess this could be a step in the right direction."
In all the comparisons i find it really hard to tell a visual difference. Only most glaringly noticeable ones are the textures and draw distance. 
"I agree. It seems like a lot of talent goes to waste because some publishers are so hungry for money and so willing to play it safe. Look at AC, they release *multiple* games every year now that follow the same bloody formula. I am so sick and tired of this franchise, I can't play it anymore. And that's a shame, because the art direction is always superb and manages to create a very distinct and culturally rich setting. I hope one day they part ways with Ubisoft and experiment. "
"I'm actually predicting that either new publishers will rise or old ones will come to their senses, and start working *for* developers rather than developers working for the publisher. A publisher's role should be like that of an agent.

This setup would allow IPs to be owned by their creators, and not those who funded it.

It might have a less appeal to invest compared to actual ownership, but if a product does well enough then it will pay well, and if a brand is controlled by those who actually created it then it is most likely to stay true to what it is."
"&gt; quit redditing. 

an important step towards making progress versus the backlog is limiting reddit time. Extremely difficult to do but necessary. "
I still to this day cannot fathom the fact that Duke Nukem Forever exists. That it's mediocre is completely unsurprising but that it's actually real and you can purchase and play it right now just blows me away.
"I have no fucking idea why they changed it from the brilliant LEGO Batman 2 ones.

It's a change that makes me genuinely question what person must have decided it was a good thing to change. I just don't get how anyone with a brain thought it was a good idea. "
"I was wondering why I stopped playing BE when I remembered the horrible management of trade routes turned the game into a ""trade-route-confirmation-simulator""."
"Holy shit.... looks like some serious action. The story is really picking up, and It can only get better from here... &lt;3 

I *LOVE* this game. "
"I think for all of this to really hit the next level, the crowdfunding mechanisms need to make the next step as well. Kickstarter has done well for the most part, but it feels like there needs to be an evolution for these developers to be able to make these games on a steady and consistent platform. I have no idea what that would be, but with these projects becoming more and more popular, something is going to need to be done to further allow this trend."
"Some of the more dramatic ones aren't even that much more demanding than ultra settings. 

There are also some settings that don't do anything yet, suggesting future updates will look even better. "
it made no sense in terms of being a sequel to prey but as a stand alone sci fi game it looked like you were a han solo esc character on a coruscant style city. 
"&gt; Nvidia GPU GeForce GTX 770

&gt; AMD GPU Radeon R9 290

Fuck. The 770 is usually equivalent to the 7950/7970 (or 270x/280x). "
"I feel like Nintendo has to be mentioned in the list of publishers shitting on consumers. 

Physical based DRM, region locking and on disc DLC gated by supply strained Amiibos are all extremely anti-consumer practices. Thankfully the majority (all?) of the digital DLC they've done has been both good and very fairly priced. 

While other companies' practices (Evolve and Batman's DLC) seem like obvious attempts to abstract more money from consumers, Nintendo's faults come off as mistakes and old business practices which they take their time in correcting. Still, something that's shitty for the consumer is shitty for the consumer no matter the underlying rational."
"Man, the amount of people screaming for Fallout 4 is cool and all. But think of how insane this is for us who've been dying for a decent Doom game since Doom64. And with what Bethesda did with Wolfenstein, a lot of us doom fans are jacked to see what doom is going to be like. "
"&gt;The design goal for Cossacks 3, said Valentine Yeltyshev, GSC’s public relations director, is to authentically recreate that original experience.

....

&gt;""We decided to do a remake of the first Cossacks with all its original gameplay,"" Grigorovich added, ""but also give players updated graphics and a new story. … We really think that many of the players who were too young in 2001 to play Cossacks literally missed out on it and will be impressed by the gameplay of this classic RTS.""

Sound like it's gonna stick to the series' strengths. Really looking forward to it."
"Patreon is closest to the model you're looking for, but I can't imagine trying to run a studio purely on Patreon cashflow."
Hmm i am not sure if I like them releasing games so fast. Seems like yesterday that I finished the second one.
"&gt;Colonize the Ocean: Build floating settlements and access natural resources hidden beneath the seas of the alien planet. Alien beasts with unique abilities inhabit the water and challenge the player in new ways. The ocean provides a fully replayable map, new gameplay mechanics and strategic possibilities for players to reign supreme on their new world.

Yes, but will we be able to build pressure domes, instigate global warming, and flood the world until only our nautical civilization is left ~~standing~~ swimming?"
"Good to see the revenants still AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.

Speaking of which I should actually try brutal doom, been too busy playing other WADs."
"If Doom 4 makes good on all these promises AND has fun, creative level design and ""levels-as-puzzles"" gameplay like the original Doom and Quake games had, this is going to be very, very cool."
"For those who are looking:

[Yooka-Laylee Kickstarter](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/playtonic/yooka-laylee-a-3d-platformer-rare-vival).  £15 (about $24 USD) for a digital console copy.  
EDIT: £10 (about $15 USD) for a digital Steam copy, as pointed out by /u/DocileBanalBovine

[Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night Kickstarter](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/iga/bloodstained-ritual-of-the-night).  $28 USD for a digital copy.

Both have 20+ days to go and are over $2 million

"
"If this is true my hype just increased 1000%

Doom 3 was a good game, it just didn't feel like Doom to me."
"Probably this. Pop-in is a pretty serious problem (anyone remember Watch Dogs?), but dealing with it correctly is very resource intensive. I'll gladly take a bit of a hit on quality if it means less pop-in...a slight lack of graphical quality is much less of an immersion-breaker than pop-in. "
"[This is witcher 3 ultra](http://0cb8dd5d2dc142d08f0f-eb3b436d25971e5860b39e72b0600342.r94.cf1.rackcdn.com/images/NiuATb_VSGGM.jpg)


[This is witcher 2 EE from 2012](http://img33.imageshack.us/img33/9158/iim8.jpg)

[This is what it took to run it well](http://imgur.com/nV322cN)

call me a skeptic
"
"It's not better than D3 but then D3 has all the money to spend on polishing the game. 

I do think it's better than Torchlight 2. I thas a better story that drives you through the game. Only thing I don't like in VH is the upgrades and the way you have to use the Keyboard to activate them. Maybe someone else could explain it better but there's seems to be a lot of keyboard use rather than mouse usage."
"Good for him. This is the guy that brought us KotOR and Mass Effect. Two of my favourite game series' to date. Despite the criticism he got with Mass Effect 3's ending, it cannot be disputed that he has had a massive positive effect on western RPG's in his tenure at Bioware. "
"I know they're made by different teams/studios/whatever, but if developers can find a way to make Wolfenstein interesting while still feel like Wolfenstein in 2014, I can't wait to see what can be done with a new Doom in 2015."
"I loved the first cossacks, and i remember making a ton of custom missions using that hilariously limited, and buggy editor (that the majority was in russian). The game was actually fairly complicated for an RTS and most games took several hours to finish (even then most of the time we never finished the tech tree). My biggest complaint was how frusturating creating proper regiments, since you needed to build things like the drummers etc seperately which was really annoying. 

I bought a bundle of various Cossack  games (and American Conquest) awhile back and found it really really buggy which seemed to be a fairly common complaint with modern systems. "
"&gt; Man when they say teaser, they mean it.

Yeah - what was that, three seconds of footage? 

And yet... still excited."
"Its a VERY situational game. Every weapon has a purpose and has its benefits one weapon isn't necessarily better then the others. 

I **REALLY REALLY** hope it goes back to that concept, and the idea of 'traps' that are based more around monster composition and level design rather then a stupid scare factor."
"I don't know what I feel about this. I used to buy their games when terms like ""walking simulator"" were uncommon and there weren't much of them aside from *Dear Esther*. I liked *Fatale* but it was too brief. *Bientôt l'été* took itself too seriously and it would be better served as the example of what not to do when trying to cram whatever amounts as art into a video game.

This just looks like social commentary wrapped into the sleeve of a room much in the way of *Gone Home*. It is as if *Gone Home* out Tale of Tales'd Tale of Tales themselves and now they're modeling this title after *Gone Home*."
"Brutal Doom is freaking amazing. Blood and gore flying everywhere and badass metal blaring.

That said, also try Complex Doom. It looks gimmicky but personally I think it's really fun."
They had people walking up and down the aisles the entire time and you could have been banned from QC for life if you tried. No one was going to risk it. I can safe the game looked awesome even 11 months ago.
you realize the landscape  even in those 2 shots is probably hundreds of times different in size.  High fidelity is easier for smaller areas.
"You're trying to reinvent the wheel here.

Stocks are the original crowdfunding. I'm not sure where you get this idea that you've got some special thing here. By the time you drag your ""There should be a way to crowdfund a studio in exchange for equity"" idea through all the existing financial regulations, you'll be looking at stocks, exactly as they already are."
"Given that every other subscription MMO other than Eve (which is pretty niche) is a smoking crater, I don't think the burden of proof is that heavy."
"&gt; new publishers will rise

They already are.  Paradox is fast becoming my favorite publishers (and their developer branch is pretty good too) because of the very things that Jimquisition talks about here.  

The people of Paradox seem to really enjoy games and understand that not every game has to be a 6 million copy bestseller.  When Cities Skylines hit 1 million their community manager /u/TotalyMoo made multiple posts on the subreddit and here on /r/Games expressing thanks and admitting to being overwhelmed by the reception.  Oh, and the game had a launch price of $30.

The old guard is chasing the biggest market and, like it or not, CoD and Madden are still huge cash cows.  But the barriers to entry for publishers and developers is dropping more and more, meaning that smaller niche publishers will arrive and thrive.  Those of us who read gaming sites will know about them and a handful will hit the mainstream, but regardless it's a good time to be a gamer."
"...but it's not a corner stone of video games (for the most part), and certainly not a corner stone of Bioware games.  Hell, even previous Mass Effect games centered around the importance of the player's choices - it wasn't just the marketing that hyped up that idea.  Besides, what's more believable - that ME3's ending was a mediocre misstep that suffered from being too ambitious and fucked with the previous installments, or that it was some kind of masterstroke allusion to Dostoyevsky?"
"This won't magically fix the downgrade issues that people are complaining about but it makes a *huge* difference for me. It's surprising how something so simple can make the game look so much better, I'll be using this ASAP."
"That's actually something I'm rather conflicted on. 

Nintendo has a relatively wide range of games that use amiibo now and I believe they've been fairly hit or miss in terms of the bonus content they unlock. 

You have games like Mario Kart 8, in which Amiibo just unlock some different costumes for your mii, just a nice optional cosmetic change. Captain Toad is also good, just an optional hide and seek game in each stage. 

Then you have games like Mario Party 10 in which entire game boards are locked away unless you have the right Amiibo. There is no other way to access that content. Kirby and the Rainbow Curse and Hyrule Warriors are similar. They have gameplay content you can't access without the right Amiibo.

Now Amiibo are still relatively new and at the very least Nintendo seems to be continuing to experiment with how they're implemented in their games."
Pretty much every movie is CG and live action hybrid anyway. Like Lord of the Rings for example. There's great make-up but then there's also creatures that are pure CG.
"Mario Party 10's  game board mode, Code Name STEAM's Fire Emblem cameos and Splatoon character customization items and timed challenge missions are all instances of Amiibo based on disc DLC masquerading as ""enhancements."" "
"It's by tweaker, which is 50% Chris Vrenna - he got his start as the drummer for Nine Inch Nails before he and Trent had a falling out. 

2 a.m. wakeup call and Call the Time Eternity by tweaker are very awesome albums, I definitely recommend checking them out. It's not nearly as heavy and industrial as the Doom 3 theme, but there are hints of that, and they're just very solid albums. "
"I remember Civ V getting pretty high praise on release...I mean, it needed work, but it seems like BE got a lot more flack."
"I've seen the early footage, they were shown in E3 I believe. It looked like it had huge potential.

[Gameplay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vA5ufBg_LUo)"
"Yeah, bleak is one thing, but having the player ineffectually bumble on towards the inevitable, underdeveloped, out-of-nowhere conclusion to ME3 was a misstep at best. People get too hung up on the death thing. That's not why most people were pissed. Sad endings are one thing but you can't just shove them in through the use of ridiculous plot devices and call it deep or meaningful."
"I really hope the single player focused fast faced shooter comes back to the front lines of FPS gaming, games like Shadow Warrior and Wolfenstien the New Order are amazing. DOOM is going to blow my mind I can already tell."
Did you really expect more from CDP? They put out great games but The Witcher 1 and 2 had major overhauls to keep them from being buggy messes. There's a reason those Enhanced Editions exist.
"Nintendo is literally the least evil of all ""DLC"" monsters out there. What you are complaining about means there cannot be a physical product that adds any digital content, in any way possible to an existing game without it being ""gated DLC."" We aren't talking about season fucking passes, we aren't talking about ""map packs"". It's a Figurine with very minimal features."
"The 2500/2600k are still great CPUs. There really isn't a significant performance difference between Sandybridge and Ivybridge, or even Haswell, not within the context of gaming at least. My 2500k is clocked at a steady 4.5Ghz and would be more than capable of matching with a 970/980. If you haven't already i'd look at clocking your CPU, providing you have adequate cooling."
Foliage looks crazy bad. The grass in this shot (http://images.gamersyde.com/image_the_witcher_3_wild_hunt-28293-2651_0004.jpg) literally looks like someone took a clone stamp in photoshop and went to town all over the image. 
"For those asking, the Orcs are full CGI, real humans will also be in the movie. It will be like Avatar where humans and CG characters will be performing together "
Still cant wrap my head around the fact the QuakeCon stuff didnt leak. Seemed impossible in this day and age.
"There were only like 9 of us walking around checking for cameras, but we did our best.

I'll take your surprise as a compliment!"
It's more that games can only load the area around you. When some details like mountain and forests load when you get closer they appear to have popped in out of nowhere. This is why if your playing on low settings on something like skyrim there appears to be a permanent fog. Even still you will often see grass and stuff suddenly just load and appear.
"Yeah, its unfortunate but it was revealed a while ago that the E3 demo area was literally all that existed of the game and infrastructure."
"People's gripes have nothing to do with bleak endings. None of your choices throughout the series mattered in the end. It was just a choose by number decision and the developers literally lied about that. Again, if you think people's problem is a sad ending you have no grasp of the issue."
"A lot of the comparison complaints came before some of the ultra settings were actually implemented. That's been fixed in a day-1 patch, reportedly improving distance LODs, adding more civilians, improved water shading, better shadows. [Pre/post patch comparison here](http://www.pcgameshardware.de/commoncfm/comparison/indexb2.cfm?id=125693).

There are also [.ini tweaks](http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/36dc11/witcher_3_graphics_options_performance_and/crczatk) unlocked to push the game further.

*That said, the game does still look a lot different than the early trailers."
"The failure of the player character is a perfectly fine thing to have in a story, but there were myriad problems with the way it was executed in ME3.  Leaving aside the fact that Mass Effect, as a series, was not in *any* way fatalist and thus that the ending was tonally jarring, it was still poorly done.  I only played the Director's Cut edition, so I got the 'full' experience (though I still believe that it was a desperate attempt by Bioware to assuage accusations of being lazy), but even with the extended endings it all felt very hackeneyed and poorly written.  The ultimate Deus Ex Machina in the form of the Star Child was absolutely ludicrous and spat in the face of the threat the reapers had been built up to be in the first game (and to a lesser extent, the second), the justification for their existence was absurd, and the entire sequence within the crucible was inane.

Even if we accept that the fatalist interpretation of the ending was intended (which again, I do not, but let's say that I do), the problem lies in the fact that the ending was fatalist at all.  Fatalism can be executed very well in video games - Spec Ops: The Line was an absolutely stellar example of a game in which failure was the only option.  Mass Effect, however, built itself up to be the exact opposite.  The entire story of the game revolved around fighting the inevitable, raging against the dying light - *and winning*.  You kill Sovereign in the first game (a being so powerful that he is beyond even our comprehension!), you destroy a nascent star-god in the second, and you prevent the return of the Reapers in the Arrival DLC.  Humanity's continued existence, Javik the Prothean's survival, the cooperation of the disparate races of the Citadel, even the mere fact that Shepard is *still alive* after the Collector's attack in the beginning of ME2 - all of these are intended to build up this mythos of triumph against truly astronomical odds.  In spite of the horrors that the universe contains, we go beyond the impossible, and we do so by making meaningful choices that reflect who we are, what type of survivors we wish to be.

The ending of ME3 negates almost all of this.  Our victory is handed to us on a silver platter by a being whose existence makes no sense either logically or narratively, and the form of that victory is entirely beyond our control.  Regardless of what we've done in the past 2.9 games, very nearly the same ending plays out regardless - and even the 'good' ending results in the catastrophic destruction of multiple planets through the explosions of the mass relays (and yes, I know they retconned it in the Director's Cut that the explosions were not of the same supernova-level explosions seen in Arrival, but I think that's nothing more than a saving throw and is creatively bankrupt).  The ending was something more suited to the high school fiction of a Nietzsche wannabe, not the epic, empowering saga that Mass Effect had been up until then.  

Ultimately, fatalism works for McCarthy in Blood Meridian and The Road because the story is *about* fatalism.  It didn't work in Mass Effect (if they even intended for it to be fatalistic at all) because we didn't get a fatalistic story - we got a fatalistic ending."
"&gt; Colonize the Ocean: Build floating settlements and access natural resources hidden beneath the seas of the alien planet. Alien beasts with unique abilities inhabit the water and challenge the player in new ways. The ocean provides a fully replayable map, new gameplay mechanics and strategic possibilities for players to reign supreme on their new world.

I've wanted to see this again since Civ: Call to Power"
"[This article claims otherwise.](http://www.pcgamer.com/witcher-3-graphics-options-performance-and-settings/)

GTX 970 = 1080p60 @ Ultra, with Hairworks OFF and Shadows down one notch."
"You need the amiibo to access the mode. I'm pretty sure the game + amiibo cost around the same as a regular title.

Don't get me wrong, I think Mario Party 10's use of the amiibo is the worst one so far, but getting facts wrong won't do any favors to the discussion."
"Mass Effects 3 ending aside - he lead us to the KotoR twist and the music (80s synthy) of mass effect by beeing the creative lead in this projects. 

Maybe his last baby was a littel bit ""urgh"" at the end, but overall, that guy is good and absolutely no mistake for MS."
"Okay, so I definitely like Civ V/BNW better than BE. I got bored of BE after two play throughs and haven't really been inspired to go back since. That said, there are several things that BE does better than Civ V. If they capitalize and build on the good, BE could definitely be a great game. It's just not there yet.

Among the improvements:

- Strategic resources actually matter in BE. Once I got a node of iron in Civ, I was set for life. In BE resources are harder to get and you burn through them much faster. Getting that extra floatstone node actually matters, and I like that.

- The tech tree was great. It was a little confusing at first, but in Civ the tech development was incredibly samey and predictable. The fact that you don't get every tech in BE was a great addition.

- The automatic unit upgrades are nice. Having to find and manually upgrade all your swordsmen because you developed a new tech was a boring clickfest.

There are definitely things Civ V does better. I don't like the lack of units. I don't like the lack of personalities. I don't like how insanely broken trade routes are. Those issues seem fixable though. I have hope for BE, but I'm not going to spend any more money on it until I see a damn good reason to do so."
"I can't say I'm surprised he landed a job like this given the BioWare projects he worked on, but I'm not exactly thrilled. Mass Effect 3 had some seriously questionable writing decisions that Casey Hudson was either partly or directly responsible for, and the way he marketed the game completely contradicted the way things turned out:

&gt;[It's not even in any way like the traditional game endings, where you can say how many endings there are or whether you got ending A, B, or C [...] The endings have a lot more sophistication and variety in them.](http://www.gameinformer.com/b/features/archive/2012/01/10/mass1525-effect-3-cas5ey-fdsafdhudson-interviewae.aspx?PostPageIndex=2)

I don't wish him ill-will, but the way he handled Mass Effect 3—his most recent project—and the criticism for it doesn't have me too excited. Hopefully this will be a fresh start for him."
"Not only that, but you could raise and lower land. Either reclaim the sea, or take the land from your enemies. "
"&gt; which you can kill or use the dagger (if you got it) to break the mind control on Saskia.

In the Iorveth path you can *also* leave Saskia wounded but mind controlled behind (if you went to rescue Triss instead of getting the dagger), thought I'd point that out. Result is the Pontar Valley keeps its leader but she's of course under control of the Lodge. 



"
"It's hard to trust what he says any more because of the comments he made prior and after the game went gold. What ever he's working on, it'll be best if the company has someone else do the talking.

Edit: /u/OrlesianIdiot just told me that I'm a terrorist and that I should kill myself because of this comment. Lol, the things people say because anonymity and a video game. "
"I'm not looking forward to the moaning of delayed releases, underdeveloped promises, sudden dev hate of these projects that come with Kickstarter games."
"I have read all of the Mass Effect books. I know who Drew Karpyshyn is and I have also met him, as well as Casey Hudson(the perks of living in Edmonton, hometown of Bioware). Yes he came up with the story of KotOR and the first Mass Effect game. However, Casey Hudson was the Lead on all of these games. He was in charge of all the whole team that made them, including Drew Karpyshyn. "
"Decent amount of noteworthy spoilers with certain returning characters, the bulk of it coming between 2:30 to 2:50. Watch with caution, but man.....it's finally here :D."
Which is basically how it's done nowadays. By saying full CG it means that no practical effects are being used.
"So what is it now? Should games be capped so that high end PC users don't cry when their system can't run the maximum settings? Or should it be uncapped so that it will look better on future PC's, akin to Crysis? You can't have both, one half of the community will always be pissed.

The problem here is, as always, the promises of devs or harware companies, but also the expectation of the consumers that they expect to be able to run ""Ultra"". The thing about ""Ultra"" settings is that they are completely relative, it's completely up to the dev if ""Ultra"" looks so bad that it runs on anything, or if it looks so good that it won't run smooth with a PC from 10 years in the future. Expecting that a modern GPu should be able to run whatever the dev arbitrarily labeled as ""Ultra"" purely means that the dev has to artifically cap the maximum graphic settings, which will hurt other players."
People tend to be far too forgiving when something is made by studio that ride pseudo pro gamer sentiment like no DRM when it's really all marketing from the underdog position.I also love all the positive sentiment about their enhanced editions being free when they're just giant fixes to horribly broken releases.
"I walked upstairs to grab my earbuds, walked back downstairs, plugged them in, and pressed play...*for this?*"
"I kinda hope there is some of both, though. Doom 3 was the first FPS I ever played and it remains one of my favourite FPS games purely for the sake of nostalgia.

What I'd like to see is the game paced with sections of extreme action a la Doom 1 and Doom 2 with calmer but still tense dark/horror sections in between to balance it out."
"This concept of ""optimization"" on gaming forums never ceases to amaze me. If they had just called high settings ""ultra"" and moved ultra settings to .ini file tweaks, people would be marveling at how optimized the game was.  "
"It's super awesome that they used Ben Howard for the trailer! One of my favorites of his too. That being said I kinda wish it was an instrumental version or something with the singing it kinda has a vibe of a fan made video ha

Regardless can't wait till this unlocks!"
"This trailer reminds me much of Red Dead Redemption in an RPG setting. Not that I'm complaining of course, I loved RDR to death."
"Hi OhUmHmm,

Here are some promotional trailers that show Nobunaga's Ambition: Souzou (Sphere of Influence).
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zsrr_PkK0zY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I76IMRDiTtk"
"Crazy to see so much praise when the last I heard Casey's name was over the disappointment that was ME3's ending.  

I agree he has an impressive history if you look at past games, but in case people forgot, the big criticism was that he was part of an amazing team of writers for ME3 (and the game as a whole was amazing), but he assumed direct control of the ending, which, viewed by the community as a whole, was utter garbage. 

I already see people coming to back him up about the ending, saying not all stories end on a happy note, and that's completely irrelevant.  It was promised by many involved, including Casey himself, to be an extremely varied ending that past actions from previous games would greatly influence.  It was obviously not the case.  It had nothing to do with happy or sad endings, it was telling the players their choices in the past 2 games mattered and we'd have an amazing trilogy with huge re-playability, then giving us the complete opposite.  

I just hope that what he does work on, I hope he learned from that blunder, and it was a blunder, I don't know how anyone could call it anything else."
"The GW2 expansion will make players that have already invested a bunch of time into the game happy, but I think most of us that quit won't come back, because the inherent problems that GW2 has, are still there.

In my experience, most people that have quit xiv have done so reluctantly due to rl time constraints or running out of things to do, the base game is really solid, and adding an expansion could really build on that foundation."
"Really wish he'd soundtrack a new game, he's really broadened out his musical output since back in the mid 90s and it'd be great to see what he could do."
"I'm not following Yooka-Laylee (I don't care for 3D platformers), but Iga has been pretty clear and upfront in his Kickstarter for Bloodstained that the game will almost certainly be delayed at least once. The planned release date is just what they are aiming for."
Reading the books you get the feeling that whatever is going on between Geralt and Triss in the games is just a fling compared to Geralt and Yennefer's relationship though.
"Most of the stuff that people look back on fondly about Mass Effect came from Drew.  Most of the stuff that people look back on going ""how the fuck did they fucking fuck up this wonderful fucking thing"" was Casey Hudson and Mac Walters."
"I'm happy to see KOTOR II is being released on mobile devices, however it's a shame new and returning players won't get to experience the game with the restored content mod."
"Saskia was the dragon? Well now that just makes me feel bad for killing her. I had to go with Roche though, he was such a fucking bro."
"Yes, and I am also a pretty big Star Wars fan. I'm very happy that he was able to make Star Wars and shepherd it into being one of, if not the biggest IP's ever. That doesn't mean I don't diagaree with some of his choices. Like so many things, it's complicated. "
Note that the grass there is also blowing in whatever wind is around.  It's going to look a LOT better in motion.
"Elder Scrolls 6? 

Morrowind - 2002  
Oblivion - 2006  
Skyrim - 2011

Why not the next chapter in 2016? "
"Hell yes it looks so much like the [original revenant sculpture](http://romero.smugmug.com/keyword/revenant#!i=12524880&amp;k=8djkVsC) that was used to create digitized sprites.

I'm starting to have faith in Doom 4."
Don't forget the remake of Rise of the Triad.  Another fantastic fast paced over the top single player experience.  
"&gt; assumed direct control of the ending

Heh.

My problem with ME3's ending was not that it was sad, nor even that your choices didn't matter. It was just ridiculous, from a writing standpoint, to introduce a completely new character in the last five minutes who controlled the entire outcome of the series."
"No matter how far into the future we go, nothing beats a good ol' wooden shotgun and its two trusty barrels o' fun."
"You absolutely could, and it would naturally flood coastal towns. Unlike Civilization, every tile in Alpha Centauri has a value for its height in meters. When global warming happens, the game tells you something like 'The ocean has risen 283m', and every city below that is lost."
"I killed Saskia as well, but on the basis that she was too wounded to live on / risk of being re-mind controlled. Feels kind of bad man I just wanted some hot dragon sex. 

Also went with Roche because what reason did I have to trust Iorveth? I helped the squirrels fight the order and all I got for it was shit and angry looks. Better not meddle and focus on cleaning my name."
"Seems like most old school Doom players hated it, but anyone that was introduced to Doom with 3 enjoyed it.

At least that's my take.
"
"No, I think he mentions to Geralt something like ""after that nasty business with Adda"", right after the ambassador leaves. The sentence is ambiguous enough that it could imply either choice from the first game. "
"Yeah I went through Iovoreths path almost a year after I finished Roches, and I was blown away when I found out the dragon I killed was Saskia.  Totally missed that on Roches Path."
"I thought Doom 3 had some of the best atmosphere in any game. It wasn't all action, far from it. A lot of of it was quietly exploring a truly creepy environment. The action was generally brief but intense, then it was back to exploring a downright haunted Mars science station.

The way they used emails and voice mails to tell the story added a lot to the ambiance.

Build the horror slowly. Doom 3 did this very well. Everything starts out normal. Things get a little weird, then weirder, downright horrifying, then eventually you find yourself in a corridor where the lights flicker, the lights turn off completely, and you hear a revving chainsaw, a gurgling laughing, and footsteps running towards you."
"Thanks for this! Was really weary about getting the game without playing the first two. But this TL; DR version helped sway my opinion to get it. Plus, I really do want to support devs who really seem pro consumer. Everything I hear about these guys is great."
Oculus takes a different approach.  It has IR LEDs in the headset and uses a stationary IR camera to calculate your orientation.
"I assume it would be a port of the already released product, like they have done for the original KOTOR (making minor changes to UI)"
"Horse armor, all the way down. 

I look forward to playing the full game in a year or so when the GOTY/Gold edition hits the shelves. "
"Hi UgarteTheThief,

If you are new to the Nobunaga Ambition series may i ask if you have tried any of the previous ROTK(Romance of Three Kingdom) games?

If not Nobunaga's Ambition is simply put a kingdom simulator.
In the beginning of the game you choose a clan to start your dream of conquest. 

**Before** doing so you must of course manage

**Economy** You have to manage the building of farms, weapons, markets and set up trade agreements with neighboring clans. 

**Diplomacy** will also be a major factor. You need to be clever in managing alliances, the loyalty of your subordinates and officers as well as using treaties and marriages to secure your borders.

**Battle**. You need to train your troops, level up your officers, strategically position your armies to attack or defend. I personally emphasize the importance of loyalty of your subordinates. You don't want an ally officer to suddenly switch sides on you in a crucial battle. 

You can choose to start the game with the historical data or you can design and make your own characters. You can feel awesome by making yourself the leader of a clan as well:). If you're a fan of historical simulation games i'm pretty sure you will enjoy this game. If you are new to it, i'll be honest there will be a learning curve but once you get past it i can guarantee you'll enjoy the game. "
"There is, but gameplay wise it's a lot less ""arcadey"" than its predecessor, more focused on map control and on managing your infantry and cavalry formations. There's also a lot less artillery and, unfortunately, no naval combat."
"Yes! The ""feel"" of the original Doom games was largely a result of the fact that they balanced the combat like a top-down two-joystick shooter ([Smash TV](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smash_TV), [Geometry Wars](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geometry_Wars), etc.) and designed the levels around the first-person perspective.

There are a few silly side-effects, like the fact that the player's top speed was somewhere in the neighborhood of 60mph, but it was never really meant to be realistic anyway. If I want a realistic first-person shooter experience, I'll play Arma or [Receiver](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Receiver_%28video_game%29)."
"Android users will probably at least be able to mod their game. At least mods on the original KOTOR on Android work just by dropping the PC mod files in certain folder.

EDIT: Apparently same goes for iOS."
"I am excited for these mobile re-releases. It's weird not more games from old are being ported over. Of course some games port better than others. But with game pad option that issue is overcome in most games.

Also, with Nexus player, Razer MOJO and Nvidia Shield console, having native games is nice. There's always emulations on Android for console up to 5th generation and work on sixth generation ongoing."
"&gt; Most of the stuff that people look back on fondly about Mass Effect came from Drew.

Nah, it's all about Chris L'Etoile. Karpyshin is an okayish writer that somehow got all the fame for Mass Effect while there were much better writers on that team. Weekes, Dombrow and already mentioned L'Etoile who is actually responsible for the whole setting."
"I was introduced to PC gaming with DooM, and despite the fact that it hasn't aged very well, it still ranks in my top 5 best games of all time.

DooM 3 was a mixed bag. It definitely got away from its roots a bit, but it was very good. The graphics were absolutely top notch, too."
Who can forget. I met a reddit user a few days ago whose dad lost to Thresh in the tournament where 1st prize was John Carmack's Ferrari.
"Oh shit, does that mean he's officially dad-rock now?

Still adore the original Quake soundtrack, I think a lot of the atmosphere in that game (at least at the time) owed a lot to that soundtrack."
"We need Fallout first. The next ES game needs to come after Fallout, or there will be some serious community uproar."
"Its easy to defend the series when you don't think the ending was that bad. If you really didn't like the ending,  its a bit harder. "
"&gt;Feels kind of bad man I just wanted some hot dragon sex.

[Spoiler](#s ""Would have never happened anyways; She has a thing for dwarves."") "
"Its like people forget the cinematic that plays when you first pop in ME. It ends with the player being told that they will have many choices,  and that those choices will all matter. The ending broke the narrative contract,  which is never a good thing,  but its so much worse when that contract is explicit. You didn't have to have high or unrealistic expectations to dislike what happened to ME,  you just had to have taken Bioware at their word. "
"Speaking of which I wonder how this game is gonna do in Japan, specific ally the akihabara otaku crowd.

Its not lacking in waifus."
"Brutal Doom for those who dont know:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSzYliSASKc

and more gameplay:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mn2J4Loe57g"
"I think a big part of it is that Ultra is the easiest way to configure a game.  You hit max and bam, you're in game.  Everything in between requires tweeking to hit that optimum setting, which after a while gets annoying.  No easy way to know what settings to pick."
"That's what the northern realms tell people. Its more grey than that. They're more Dutch Romans.

Nilfgaard is an Empire where people have better rights arguably than the northern kingdoms and Mages are kept under control."
"I did, I was just kinda disappointed.

Something just wasn't right; I didn't like how weapons needed reloading, it really killed the flow of combat compared to Ep. 1 &amp; 2, and the waves of monsters seemed greatly diminished.  (e.g. instead of sending a huge wave of 20 dudes at you, they'd send 5 smaller segmented waves of 5 at a time).

"
I have waited so long for this... They better not of fucked it up somehow. I want good customization dammit 
"People say that about him because he personally removed the entire writing team from the ending of Mass Effect 3 and wrote it himself, doing exactly the endings he stated for a fact would not appear in Mass Effect 3.

If the ending drama had happened with him just doing his usual role and it was the writing team as a whole that made the mistakes then you would have a point.

But he overruled the people responsible for the rest of the generally well received story and was directly responsible for implementing the ending to a story that had been 5 years in the making, an ending that he can be quoted as saying would never happen.

Casey demonstrated that when push comes to shove he will overrule entire teams to push his own vision, a vision that was not only hypocritical but also resulted in the biggest controversy in the companies history and forced them into a humiliating apology in the form of ""fixing"" the ending for free after release.
"
"This is an extreme example, but saying that is like saying a Doctor shouldn't lose his job for doing a mistake that cost a patient life because he has a 30 yr old career.

Mass Effect ending was to me one of the worst gaming experiences I've ever had, it threw the whole series in the gutter for me, every time I try to do a playthrough I suddenly remind myself of that ending and lose interest.

He deserves the flak he got with that ending, long career or not."
"My biggest problem was that the Reapers went from some big, impossibly intelligent and unknowable god-machines with a purpose and motives we can't comprehend to being the age-old sci-fi cliche of ""robots that went crazy.""  The ending did so many complete flips on what we thought we knew.  A few curve balls is okay and even good in my book, but the sheer amount of them, packed into 10 minutes, at the end of the series was what really made me hate that ending."
"I can see why they canned it. This doesn't look like Doom at all. One poster called it ""Call of Killzone"". I think that is an apt description for what is shown off in these. Would you guys have bought this. Personally, I like the new direction they've taken since rebooting development, keeping it closer to the tone and style of the original games."
Dirty bomb is NOT terrible. It's still being worked on and in its current state it is a ton of fun. So long as you aren't playing with moronic teammates but that's any game
"Paradoxically the Emperor of Nilfgaard is friendly towards Elves and Dwarves, wherein in the north they're treated like shit.

It's not very simple."
Eh without restored content mod being added aswell I don't see myself buying this on mobile platforms.
"&gt; Mass Effect ending was to me one of the worst gaming experiences I've ever had, it threw the whole series in the gutter for me, every time I try to do a playthrough I suddenly remind myself of that ending and lose interest.

That's exactly how I feel. I've played ME1 and ME2 about just north of a dozen times. However ME3's end really disappointed me to the point I can't pick it up any more. Sure the extended cut helped, but  the overall theme behind it is still so flawed. I used to buy their books, comics, and of course all their DLC. I've played through ME3's DLCs, a but I never go through Cerberus HQ. I just shut it off. Which is disappointing. I loved the series up to that point. "
"Yeah, the reveal of the Reapers' purpose and motives was both cliched and kinda ridiculous -- I mean, *that's* the best solution a supposedly godlike intelligence can come up with? Repeated mass genocide? I'd hate to find out what Plan B was.

Plus it made no sense that it would abdicate its ten-million-year galactic plan to the control of a mere human. That ending was a barrage of disappointment in all kinds of ways. It amazes me that anyone considered it acceptable for such an epic series. (Don't get me wrong, the games themselves are still classics and I've replayed them a couple of times since ME3 came out, but I have my head canon ending and I quit before it kicks in. :P)"
"Yes, it's how to say, ""do not equal,"" in many common programming languages.  The ""!"" means ""not"", so in most of those languages, you could say ""!true"" to mean ""false""."
"No, that's not the answer either. We're all fans of gaming, and we should be able to talk about games together regardless of what peripheral you use to play them. "
"Dude, a million units is huge no matter what. Just imagine all those people playing - and probably enjoying - *your* game (although in this case I'm just a marketing guy, so I've only done that part). That's a humbling feeling. 

It's really a good time to be a gamer. Anyone can make a game and share it with people, be it a mod, paid project or something new. I find that cool as hell.

"
"Yes, but not in the Roche path. And I make my choices based on ultimately the knowledge the character has (Although in this case I personally didn't know dragons were capable of transforming)"
"I liked *Alan Wake*, but this article is absurd.

&gt;Driven by desperation, with a keen sense of responsibility, Wake is an essentially decent guy, and though he can be a jerk at times, stroppy and spoilt, prone to lashing out, such flaws mean that, five years on, he’s still one of the more complex, relatable characters action games have offered up - believably fazed by the horror unfolding around him, he seems as scared as the player. Wake’s weaknesses and asshole tendencies lend him a rare depth, and helped expand the dynamic range of a fundamentally ‘good’ character, laying groundwork for the ground-breaking depiction of moral ambiguities in The Last of Us. 

What the fuck?  I'm struggling to reconcile this description with my memories of the game.  His personality and backstory is just a big red stamp reading ""frustrated Steven King.""  Comparing the character Alan Wake to anything going on in *The Last of Us* is bizarre.

&gt;The beaten track is well-camouflaged, enabling a sense of location discovery rather than an obvious path

The scenery is gorgeous and cleverly laid out, but you would have to be on crack to see it as anything other than a straight, narrow path from A to B.

&gt;2011 FPS Rage, which like Alan Wake, offers players the option of jumping behind the wheel for long-distance travel, has been described by id Software’s Tim Willits as “open, but directed”. Such subtle hybridisation of structures has become increasingly commonplace since Remedy prototyped it by chance. 

Jesus, where to start.  *Alan Wake* gives you the ""option"" of occasionally driving in one direction for a quarter of a mile before crashed cars block the road.  Nothing about Rage's structure was new or revolutionary.  It was a bunch of quest hubs on an open map, and you could choose whether to pursue main quest missions or side missions.  ""Open, but directed"" is just marketing Newspeak.  And I have no idea why they're giving Remedy credit for ""prototyping"" hybrid genres.

&gt;Every sloppy movement has real bodyweight behind it, every unballetic action a commitment to the momentum that follows. You know in Dark Souls, when your character isn’t yet strong enough to wield a big sword but you take a swing anyway, and the weight of the weapon carries along you with it? There’s a hint of that improficiency in every movement Wake makes - even the camera seems too heavy for our hero, carrying through perceivable momentum when repositioned.

What?

&gt;As Wake is thrust into his first combat experience, Lara too must make her debut kill, while run-of-the-mill detective Castellanos’ shaky hand is gradually steadied through upgrades. Perhaps the days of the out-of-the-box badass - the likes of Max Payne - are numbered, thanks in part to Wake. 

You heard it here folks, *Alan Wake* invented everything.  All main characters were Arnold Schwarzenegger before then.

&gt;Key influence David Lynch has said product placement in film “putrefies the environment”. With its glaring cell phone ads and branded batteries, Alan Wake intentionally soils itself,

YOU ARE OUT OF YOUR FUCKING MIND IF YOU THINK THE CELL PHONE BATTERY BRANDING WAS SUPPOSED TO BE SATIRICAL.

That's enough, you get the point.  This article is shit, from a butt."
"Overreaction? The ending of ""2001: A Space Odyssey"" was weird and very confusing, but it fit in context of the film and on what it was trying to expose, one of my favorite sci-fi movies to this day.

Gamer culture or not, even if there was no internet to get upset, seeing that ending after &gt;100 hours playing all mass effects, with the ""The end. Don't forget to buy future DLC"" it's the the worst pile of shit of anything that could come up with in the shape of science fiction.

It poisoned the whole series for me, I can replay the 99% of the series and I will know every time I do something that it won't matter, I will have 3 colors to chose from regardless."
"Yup, absolutely.  
&gt;""When I reach Gabriel's home, it feels like a sanctuary, a pocket of serene calm at the center of a city on fire.""  

That's something the player should *feel,* not something the player should be told. It's relatively simple to create this feeling with props, music, and lighting.  
If the space fails at evoking this feeling, work on it until it succeeds.  
If it succeeds, remove the redundant voiceover.  
Similarly, let the reveal that the guy signs the papers without even reading them come from the player. The prop is clearly shown in the trailer: a sheaf of papers bound by an unbroken seal. Trust your players to understand what this means. Don't show them AND tell them.  
Why the corny moment showing the maid as she places her hands over her mouth in horror? Make the player *feel* that horror, don't show the character proxy having the reaction the player is meant to have.  
I don't mean to bash on the game, but that kind of narrative handholding is a real drag on the industry."
What a great use of asymmetric information to give the two playthroughs completely different feelings.
"You describe it correctly. It's not about creative freedom, it was about promises made and broken. That's where the issues were for most of the community. It really was a bait and switch. 96% of that game was incredible. Then came the colors and the bs god mode."
"Oh god don't make me remember the first chainsaw encounter, that was just downright terrifying. That entire hallway is just full of blood and dismembered parts, and then as you walk forward you keep seeing flickers of a commando with a chainsaw until finally all of a sudden you realize it's no longer an apparition but a real-life pissed off mutant with a fully revved up chainsaw running straight at you.

I love Doom 3."
"Agreed. SMAC required boldness and commitment to pull off. They are to far from wanting to take any risk with the property to do that again. Just reskin Civ, put in generic sci-fi trope 1-88, then dlc it until the name is dead. 

Its sad too, because I would have paid $50 for a flat out modern version of SMAC, with updated graphics/sound. Literally all it would have took. "
I cant help but feel like doom aged wonderfully. It is still amzingly fun to pick up and play (I actually really enjoyed it on the 360 too with the controller it felt nice).  The game is a great space and shoot things game. Sur ethe graphics are so old and crappy now that it might be distracting for some but I mean theres been a bunch of games that focus on gameplay rather than graphics lately so its not completely out of place. I think you could release a game like doom RIGHT now for 10 dollars and people would love the shit out of it. 
"No dude.  This is the announcement announcement.  Soon we'll get betas for betas, announcements for beta announcements for alphas and announcements."
"It seems like a great majority went with Roche.

Personally, I went:

* Killed the first guy, whatever his name was, didn't even know I could spare him

* joined elves

* Saved Saskia

* I think that witch that tried to escape died

* spared Letho

"
"Starchild was entirely his creation. I know some of the blame falls on EA for rushing the team as the ending definitely does not seemed pieced together. 

But to be fair, I disagree with the notion that your decisions were played out in the overall plot. Some were, and when they got included, it was great. But overall, several big ticket items were glossed over. I can think of three major ones that were all set up as seeming to have major implications.

1. Saving the council in ME1. By ME3, the Council exists anyway.
2. Picking Udina or Anderson as an ambassador. Did you pick Anderson? That's cool, because in ME3 Udina becomes ambassador anywho.
3. Save the Rachni Queen? Awesome, you get corrupted Rachni to fight in 3. Destroy them? Cool, because the same Rachni show up anyway. Save them in 3 and sacrifice Arlakh company? You get the same war assets either way.
4. Did you save the reaper tech in ME2? This was one that I struggled with at the ending. Do I do the Paragon thing and keep this technology out of Cerberus' hands, but potentially damn humanity in finding something that could win the war? Or do the ends really justify the means? Doesn't matter. All that changes is if you have part of the Reaper embryo to see in ME3, or if there's a slightly larger part of this Reaper embryo.

Never mind that the ending was one massive Deus Ex Machina. No challenging of Harbinger. No significant means in which your decisions (which to be frank, are built up as being significant). 

Perhaps what feeds into this more than anything is the whole war asset concept. Different things you do are provided different points. The problem is that in very few instances does going down one path or another really hurt you in terms of war assets. And that your decisions only feed into this pool and nothing else just seems so much more trivial.

They only have to go back to ME2 to see how to handle a proper design. You had to pick your squadmates to take on different tasks for the suicide mission, and your decisions impacted who lives, who dies, and whether you succeed of fail at all.

This was never about getting a ""happy"" ending. But at the 11th hour when you retcon 95% of the lore in terms of who the Reapers are, what their goals are, and make them on par with Rogue AIs, it's idiotic. It isn't even internally consistent. Rannoch proves that AIs and organics can come to terms and live in peace. It's one of the strongest arcs of the game. And yet it seems to be of no difference.

So yeah, this was Hudson taking over. Considering they lost Drew Karpyshyn who really drove the overall story for the series, the ending lost focus. 

Hell, in DA:O, they gave you a slideshow for an ending. At least the slideshow varied. This series deserved so much better."
"Please listen to this man. If you ever wondered if that particular character will return, do not watch this. I feel I got spoiled and regret watching the video. "
"I agree, the dark matter plot floating around would've been so much better, with a proper moral dilemma..."
"I still remember vividly, Hudson stating that it wouldn't be an A/B/C ending, with some of the previous games decisions taking some impact in the ending.

It was the complete opposite made it worse by the star child and all the bullshit behind that character and the Illusive man going rogue and appearing in the citadel.

I didn't want a happy ending, I just wanted an ending that made sense, I've seen all types of niche films, from Bela Tarr's long ""dull"" Satantango to Irreversible bleak and traumatic scenes, I can stomach tragedy and the vanguard ""artistic view"", but I won't stomach bullshit in the form of ""artistic integrity"". 

But maybe I'm just entitled, who knows."
"The game itself isnt based around space, despite the cinematic. Its a Civ game on an alien world. Not a civ game in outer space."
"Don't forget Serious Fucking Sam. Those games are fast paced as shit and incredibly fun, with Health and Armor pick-ups and lives and waves upon waves of weird enemies and yet no one seems to mention them when they talk about old-school fast-paced FPS."
"&gt;An dieser Stelle kommt die Review-Fassung ins Spiel, die wir am Wochenende von CD Projekt erhielten. Nachdem wir ein neues Spiel begonnen hatten, um eventuellen Problemen mit älteren Savegames aus dem Weg zu gehen, fiehlen uns praktisch sofort ein deutlich verbessertes Level-of-Detail mit wesentlich weniger störend ins Auge fallendem Pop-Up sowie eine gefälligere Optik auf, vor allen dank nun besserer Verschattung und Ausleuchtung der Vegetation. Ein leichter Unschärfe-Effekt liegt nun bei einigen Wettersituationen über dem Horizont, die Schatten sind knackiger. Zudem zeigt sich die Wasserdarstellung nun dank Tessellation offenbar dynamischer, so reagiert sie nun auf Geralts Hexer-Zeichen und andere Einflüsse. Beim direkten Vergleich mit dem selben Savegame und zur gleichen Tageszeit und Wettersituation fällt außerdem das offensichtlich unterschiedliche Color Grading auf. Das Bild der Review-Fassung wirkt weniger bunt. Zwischen der Preview-Version und unserer Review-Fassung entspricht der optische Unterschied mindestens einer zusätzlichen Detailstufe, also etwa von ""Sehr hoch"" zu ""Ultra"".

Rough translation: At this point te review version, that we recieved from CDPR this weekend, comes into play. After we started a new game to circumvent potential problems with older savegames we noticed better LoD with less popups as well as a more pleasing looks, thanks to better ambient occlusion and better illumination of the vegetation. A light blur effect lies over the horizon in some weather situations and the shadows are crisper (?). In addition the water looks more dynamic thanks to tesslation and reacts to the witchers signs and other things. In a direct comparison of the newer and older version with the same savegame and same weather conditions /time of day a obvious change in colour grading was apparent. The picture was less colourful in the new build. the difference between the new and old version is at least equal to one detail grade (like from very high to ultra).

&gt;Wir haben uns entschieden, bei den Benchmarks auf Nvidias Gameworks-Effekte zu verzichten, da diese wegen ihrer Performance-kritischen Auswirkungen auf AMD-GPUs die Messungen stark verzerren würden. Selbst das verhältnismäßig unauffällige HBAO+ läuft auf Radeon-GPUs schlechter, rein auf die Rechenzeit bezogen und wenn nur der Unterschied verglichen wird, kostet der Effekt mit einer AMD-GPU wesentlich mehr. In der Praxis sind die Auswirkungen der schicken Umgebungsverdeckung unauffällig und wir empfehlen auch Radeon-Besitzern das Zuschalten der deutlich feineren und weniger von Artefakten kompromittierten Eigenverschattung.

We decided to run the benchmarks without NV Gameworks effects because the performance impact on AMD grafics cards would skew the benchmark drastically. Even the comparably unremarkable HBAO+ runs worse on Radeon cards. With regards to the calculation time, the effect comes more costly for AMD gpus. The impacts of the fancy ambient occlusion are unremarkable in practise and we recommend that AMD users enable the finer and less artefact palgued ??? (even I as a native speaker have no clue what they mean with that. Do they want AMD users to use HBAO+ or not? I don't know. Eigenverschattung: Some madeup sounding word pertaining to self shading; no known translations and the google hits are all about photovoltaics)

&gt;Hairworks hingegen ist eine ganz andere Sache, diesen Effekt sollten Nutzer von AMD-Grafikkarten meiden. Selbst wenn nur Geralts Kopfhaar dargestellt werden muss, ist der Einbruch dramatisch. Hairworks lässt sich in drei Stufen regeln: Aus, nur Geralt und komplett an. Auch Nvidia-GPUs brechen stark ein, selbst in unserer dahingehend recht anspruchslosen Benchmark-Szene und mit dem neuesten Game Ready-Treiber für The Witcher 3. Hier wird nur Geralt und sein Pferd Plötze mit Hairworks versehen, kommen noch andere Tiere oder Monster dazu, fallen die Frameraten noch niedriger aus.

Hairworks however is another thing. Users of AMD cards should avoid this effect. Even if the effect is limited on geralts head hair, the performance impact is dramatic. There are 3 settings for Hairworks: off, Geralt only and on. The performance plummets on NV cards as well, even in the relatively undemanding benchmark scene (pertaining only to hairworks!) and with the new game ready drivers for TW3. In this scene only Geralt and his horse roach are visually improved by Hairworks. When more animals or monsters come into play the framerate drops even lower.

&gt;Sind die Gameworks-Effekte deaktiviert, zeigt sich trotz noch nicht angepasstem AMD-Treiber ein sehr ausgewogenes Bild. Der Leistungsverlust gegenüber der Preview-Version beträgt rund 10 - 20 %, je nach Grafikkarte. Beachten Sie, dass sich dadurch unsere auf die Preview bezogenen Leistungseinschätzungen dadurch etwas verschoben haben, Ultra-Details mit einer Mittelklasse-GPU sind nun nur noch eingeschränkt spielbar. Der Bedarf an Videospeicher ist hingegen nicht dramatisch gewachsen, 2 GiByte reichen für 1080p aus.

Once you have turned Gameworks off, AMD cards catch up and the picture (Nv vs AMD) becomes more balanced, even without an optimized driver from AMD. The performance hit compared to the preview (they to the review version) ranged between 10-20 %. Keep in mind thet this changes our assessment of playability, ultra details on midrange grafics cards are only barely playable (I would say they are not playable and if the hit was only 20% it probably wasn't very enjoyable to play even on the preview version). The need for VRAM remains practically unchanged, 2 GiByte are enough for 1080. (No wonder with those textures... Sorry I'm getting bitter.)

&gt;Für unsere Benchmarks haben wir eine sehr anspruchsvolle Szene ausgewählt, wir reiten unser Pferd Plötze im strammen Galopp über einen sich schlängelnden Waldpfad. Hier schlägt die nun aufwendigere Beleuchtung und Verschattung der Vegetation sowie deren Detaillevel besonders stark durch. Zwei von uns fliehende Herden Rotwild sorgen für zusätzliche Last, zudem ist kurz ein Teich mit tessellierter Wasseroberfläche im Bild. Es handelt sich aber ausdrücklich nicht um einen Worst-Case-Benchmark.

For our benchmarks we used a very demanding scene: we gallop through the forrest on a winding path. Here the sophisticated illumination and shading of the vegetaion as well as the detail level show through. Two fleeing herds of deer and a pond with tesslated water, that you can see for a short while, bring some extra strain for our machines. Keep in mid that this is explicitly not a worst case benchmark.
"
"All of the prerendered cutscenes were kind of interesting looking, but that ingame screen shot kind of killed it for me. I never would have guessed this was a Doom game."
I like how any thread about the development about Mass Effect 3 will instantly be filled with industry insiders who know exactly to blame and who to praise except they all end up saying different people. 
"&gt; I think that witch that tried to escape died

Sile I believe. She tries to teleport away using a crystal that was replaced with a flawed version (I forget who did that... I want to say Letho). You can either let it happen (she dies), or save her life. 

I've played through the game 2 and a half times. Picked Iorveth the first time, saved Triss, fought letho. Picked Roche the second time, killed Henselt, saved Triss, killed Sile, spared Letho. 

I can't say that I've been 100% happy with any of my choices, but that's the nature of the beast. There's never a right or wrong path. "
"War.  
War never changes.  
After some random escaped convict neglected his/her duties to destroy the ultimate evil, nuclear war broke out. The wealthy took shelter in ancient dwemer ruins called Vaults. Everyone else that survived the blasts adapted to the newly savage land fighting over fresh water and mutant nirnroot. Now you emerge decades later from your vault to find the E.L.D.E.R.S.C.R.O.L.L. your Vault family desperately needs to repair the dwemer technology that keeps your Vault running."
"Even though this game doesn't really appeal to me I wish the guy the best of luck for it since Gunpoint was really quite a neat game in my opinion.

The dude is also crazy charismatic."
"Fps games started out *fast* and got slower.  Doom was mind blowing fast if you held down the run key.  Quake was slower, quake 2 slower still, and then console fps games started appearing like GoldenEye that dragged it even slower, then ""realism"" appeared and ducking behind cover.

I miss the raw speed of doom.  The flat-out low-friction running, not bouncing around like tf2's scout but pure flat-out speed."
"IMO games look good enough these days that I wouldn't mind if they stopped increasing the detail, and focused on getting rid of jarring problems like:

* Z-fighting
* Clipping
* Held items looking weird as if they were floating or something
* And of course pop-in"
"As far as I understand it, you are wrong. Normal dragons can only transform themselves into humans and back but golden dragons can transform themselves into any living creature."
"Honestly I could see a whole ""demonic horde invasion wargame"" thing being fun, but that is definitely not Doom."
"&gt; You can't avoid making a game set in the actual world look 'generic' and 'boring'.

I disagree. Sleeping Dogs visual representation of Hong Kong is vibrant and colorful despite being set in the present real world. Real world Hong Kong doesn't look that much different from most other mega-cities I've visited, but SD's excellent artwork and level design really made the game feel unique.

I could say a lot of the same things about Los Santos in Grand Theft Auto V."
I think this is a great idea. /r/games has become pcgames that sometimes allow console talk. I wish the facade that this subreddit is a cross platform subreddit be dropped.
The reapers shouldn't have been explained. ~~Harbinger~~ Sovereign said they were beyond comprehension it should have stayed that way. It was a terrible ending what they did amounted to showing the monster at the last minute ruining all the fear you had imagined. 
"Did you play past the first few levels?

The first few levels were absolute shit, but then it gets back into the actual flow of Serious Sam."
"&gt; He certainly loses points for it but artists of all mediums aren't perfect.

Your later work can affect your legacy. If ME3's Ending is what Casey Hudson is most remembered for, it's not an injustice. "
"Well they at least told why it was how it was. I mean you played as someone who was abducted by The Sphere in the first game, in fact he was on the airliner Tommy saw."
"Ironically, one of the first threads on /r/consoles I looked at was discussing how party games are better on a console than a PC.  The guy got heavily downvoted, while the people who said ""PC can be hooked up just as easily and does more."" received upvotes.

So, I'm not sure the idea is working as intended."
"How did you play it for hours and get bored? Each episode only takes 2 hours to play through, and there's a lot of action in those 2 hours."
"[From Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Development_of_Grand_Theft_Auto_V):

*"" During an earnings call in September 2009, Take-Two Interactive's CEO Strauss Zelnick was asked about Grand Theft Auto V, the purported next game in the Grand Theft Auto series. He replied:*

*'We're not going to announce it, we're not going to announce when we are going to announce it, and we are not going to announce a strategy about announcing it or about when we are going to announce it either, or about the announcement strategy surrounding the announcement of the strategy.' ""*

:D"
I think topics like console vs pc will always fail on reddit. Even on /r/ps4 I see those topics fail because there is always pc users roaming gaming subreddits promoting their platform.
Awww son! That walking dead season 4 soundtrack... think about Hershel every time I hear it. Great song.
"Honestly? Looking at the screens of it and removing the Doom label from it, I would actually be rather interested in playing this. Fighting demonic hordes through burned out cities and such would be a lot more interesting than ""Destroy the terrorist camp!""

That said, as a Doom title, this does not fit. Like someone else made mention in the Doomworld comments, it looks alot more like Rage 2 than a Doom title. The extra characters out in the field with you, the strangely modern (rather than scifi) aesthetic, etc.

Seeing this makes me think of a number of things. 1: I want to go back and play Rage again. 2: Sad that, as a separate IP, this might have worked. 3: Hopeful that iD is doing things right with the new Doom entry."
"[Spoiler](#s ""I rushed through the game again in preparation for Witcher 3 so I might have misread that last bit. So Saskia is a regular dragon, but her father was a golden dragon?"")"
"Civ V's expansions rolled out over three years following its release. Beyond Earth is starting off in a much better position than V did at initial launch, and is right on schedule for expansions."
"If the game went in the direction of an open world FPS in a similar vein to STALKER: Shadow of Chernobyl then i could absolutely see myself buying it. Where you are trying to survive a post apocalyptic world where demons have invaded, i could see that working.

However that isn't what doom is to me, but i would have no problem with a doom themed STALKER game."
"Just a quick note. Adda has no claim to the Temerian throne because she married Radovid. Radovid is the one who would gain any power in Temeria (and I believe in most scenarios he, Henselt and the other big players split up Temeria between each other."
"So this is what Carmack meant when he said Doom 4 would be more of a cinematic experience back in 2011.

http://www.doomworld.com/vb/doom-4-general/55004-doom-4-to-be-more-of-a-cinematic-experience-says-carmack/"
"I'm primarily a pc gamer and I am subbed to all the major console subreddits... I like to follow gaming news, regardless of what system it's on. "
"/r/pcgaming exists I don't see why /r/consoles should not. I'll subscribe to it even though my newest console is a 360. I like gaming news, regardless of the system. "
"I was shocked at how off-target this article was and came in to find most of my criticisms laid out in your comment. This is an article written by someone allows their personal appreciation for a game to guide their critical thinking entirely.

Everyone wants to think their favorite thing influenced other popular things--Alan Wake did not influence anything. The only feature that could be considered somewhat unique is the light mechanic, and even that wasn't THAT original. Some of the features he attributes to Alan Wake that appeared in prior popular games:

Flawed main character/moral ambiguity: Not enough games do this well, but still, TONS of examples. Silent Hill 2 (9 years earlier) -- this is especially funny because AW is so obviously influenced by it.

Movement with body momentum: Assassin's Creed (3 years earlier)

Shaky/underpowered first kill: Bioshock (3 years earlier)

""Invisible perimeter"" with ""compulsory bottlenecks"": I would argue that AW doesn't even do this (it's almost entirely dressed up hallways), but it certainly can't come close to a game like Crysis (3 years earlier).

""Open, but directed"" driving: lol. This one is so far off it's absurd (to your point), but pretty much any AAA action game during the previous decade had vehicles serve the same purpose as they do in AW. Let's go with Half-Life 2 (6 years earlier).

""Pushing video game postmodernity to a sophistication still yet to be matched"": Hah! Setting aside that AW offers the most basic meta-commentary on genre tropes possible (and I think you could argue this is actually poor writing hiding behind the guise of meta-commentary), genre meta-analysis absolutely didn't debut with AW in any sense: Metal Gear Solid (12 years earlier), Portal (3 years earlier), Bioshock (3 years earlier), that list could go on and on.

Episodic structure with cliffhangers: The Longest Journey, one of the most famous adventure games ever (11 years earlier)"
"&gt;After defeating Jacques, you find that he has the same amulet that Geralt gave Alvin earlier, although it seems worn by age, hinting that when Alvin disappeared he teleported himself back in time and grew up to become Jacques de Aldersberg.

That part blew my mind when I realized it. Maybe it was just me but I didn't see that coming whatsoever. Probably mainly because you don't really expect a time-travelling aspect to a Fantasy medieval RPG, even though it was mentioned before."
"What bothers me is that The Witcher 3 is more graphically demanding than GTA5... but GTA5 seems to look better in just about every way.

[I mean look at the foliage density and draw distance here.](https://farm9.staticflickr.com/8821/17142068160_9dd331e2f0_o.jpg)

The only thing I can see as being more demanding in The Witcher 3 is hairworks. Certainly not lighting, foliage, shadows, polygons...."
Neat! It's not unlike the CRT scanning light guns that you see attached to some arcade machines. I'm a little confused how this gets you orientation data though 
"This is actually mentioned in a scene where Geralt talks with Foltest either directly before or after the Ballista scene. IIRC it's not that she doesn't have any claim to the throne. She has the claim and Radovid and her would be the successors to the Temerian throne as well. But the Temerian nobles ""would not accept her"", is what Foltest said then.

(This might be part of the Enhanced Edition or only happen when you import a save from Witcher 1, because I don't remember it in my first playthrough of that scene.)"
"Translation: ""I hate thresh, because he is one of the best support champions in League of Legends. He provides so much utility to both protect his allies and to lockdown his enemies. One of the main reasons that I dislike him so greatly is because any decent Thresh player on the opposing team can easily ruin the match if your allies aren't experienced in countering his play-style."""
"I've thought of Geralt as ""Clint Eastwood in a fantasy setting"". The English voice actor's rendition of Geralt is very Clint-esque."
100% agreed.  I think the best thing they could have done Reaper-wise would be to leave them unexplained but drop hints about them in future Mass Effect games.  They do this sort of stuff with Dragon Age and the fans absolutely love picking apart any new material to look for answers.
"&gt;pc users roaming gaming subreddits promoting their platform.

It's almost like people can own more than one gaming peripheral."
"Gonna have to completely disagree.  Sometimes a mystery is better than an explanation.  Considering the explanation we got, a mystery would have been enormously preferable, *especially* considering that the AI dilemma was already done in the Quarian vs Geth section."
"I think, if anything, they're learning from their experience with FFXIV, both pre and post Reborn. XIV is an absolute delight as it stands now, with roots in one of the worst games they ever made. "
"I'll just be honest and say that I'm glad you're not the one making games.

I hate how games want everyone to be able to do everything in one playthrough.  It's non-sensical and it turns everything into a disgusting slurry content wise.  Everything has to be balanced against everything else.  The story goes out the window because devs are terrified of making players actually make decisions that don't boil down to ""do I do everything or not""."
"Who said otherwise? However, you could probably talk to the mods from these console subreddits to see how they have to deal with brigades or trolling. Also check out /r/consoles announcement threads on these subreddits and read the user concerns about this new subreddit."
"RAGE was decent, but it desperately needed to be more of a legit open world.

I'm really hoping that the Mad Max game from Avalanche pulls off the setting and the car combat right.  RAGE would have been better as a STALKER-esque game.  Take out the car combat and make a large exploration filled world and RAGE would have been fantastic to play.  It looks gorgeous.  The gunplay was good though the enemies were too geneic for my taste."
The nostalgia I feel for the atmosphere and experience of playing Doom is not represented in these leaked screens at all. I would not have bought this. 
"&gt;NVidia are not ""sponsors"" of the project. The company has not received, and would not expect, financial assistance from third party hardware companies.

So the Nvidia advertising in game is there just because the developers felt like it?  

"
"As someone who's never played the other games and has this one preordered, I had no idea what was going on but it all looked cool."
"&gt;The only thing consoles have that PCs don't is exclusives.

RUN. Run before you get buried in Star Citizen posts, and a bajillion lists of PC exclusives."
Note they said *financial* assistance. That doesn't mean the developers didn't receive *any other* form of assistance from NVIDIA.
"If that press release is true, then most of what has been said about this issue in the past was completely and utterly wrong. Where were people getting their information about the PhysX/GameWorks integration?"
"We did almost everything opposite.

1. Killed the guy because he was kind of an ass

2. Joined Roche

3. Murdered that fucking rapist Henselt

4. Saved Triss, Geralt would choose Triss over the world

5. Let Sile live, she could be useful later

6. Killed Letho"
"&gt; A publisher's role should be like that of an agent.

Honestly, that's what publishers are like now. The problem is not the publishers.

It's the shareholders.

I've heard talk, several times, from high-up executives at EA about developing and releasing smaller titles. About the cost to revenue ratios games used to have, and still do in the indie scene.

You know who gets to tell Andrew Wilson he *can't* back 50 $2,000,000 titles and has to, instead, shit out the next battlefield?

They're called ""The board of directors"". They get to tell the CEO what to do, and shit rolls down hill. It's just how corporations work.

On the bright side, mobile seems to be a good way to scratch that $2,000,000 per title itch. However, so long as F2P is the name of the game, I feel like the platform will be seriously underutilized."
"Required patch that gives the game an ending.

Funny thing is, Obsidian was ready to release a patch that finished the game properly but Lucasarts shot them down for some reason, on top of cutting their development time."
People making asshole biased post titles like the one 2 days ago proclaiming the end of the world don't exactly help the matter either.
"Here's a summary I made for myself of Nvidia's take on the graphic settings.

**Witcher 3 Graphic Performance Costs**

**Anti-Aliasing:** High cost

**Bloom:** Low cost 

* Suggested ON as lighting is flat without it

**Blur &amp; Motion Blur:** Low cost (noticable in fights)

**Chromatic Abberation**: Very Low cost 

* Suggested OFF for clean image

**Depth of Field:** Low cost (Increase in Cutscenes)  

* Can makes long distance textures look better 

**Detail Level**: Low cost  

* Only adjusts visibility of decals (e.g. blood splatter) generated during combat
* Can be turned down for a few frames as it is not really noticable
	
**Foliage Visibility Range**: Very High cost (Most demanding setting) 

* Amount of trees, grass, and bushes increase along with detail and foliage shadows.
* Very noticale visual increase at a massive performance cost
* Preferably High as difference between High and Medium is very noticable.
	
**Grass Density**: Low cost 

* Barely noticable, even from Low vs Ultra
* Suggested lower setting if you need to save a few frames
	
**Light Shafts**: Low cost 

* Suggested ON as they are a ""must-have""

**Number of Background Characters**: Unknown cost

* Intervals are 75, 100, 130, or 150 depending on detail level chosen
	
**PhsyX**: CPU based (High cost?) 

* ""effects and things like cloth are more realistic, additional particles, persist longer""

**Shadow Quality**: Low cost 

* ""Insignificant impact on image quality""

**Sharpening**: Very Low cost 

* ""bit crisper, if slightly less natural"" Up to preference

**Terrain Quality**: Unknown

**Texture Quality:** Very Low cost 

* Suggested High for 2GB GPU
* Ultra does not increase quality, only increases memory budget

**Vignette**: Very Low cost 

* Darkens edges of screen (up to preference)
	
**Water Quality**: Low cost 

* Does not affect water / ponds. Only affects ocean
* Suggested High as needed for water simulation (really bad without it)
	
Further settings can be changed in the .ini files though nvidia only mentions it when talking about increasing things above their max settings.
	

Source: http://www.geforce.com/whats-new/guides/the-witcher-3-wild-hunt-graphics-performance-and-tweaking-guide#the-witcher-3-wild-hunt-system-requirements

	

	
	"
"I thought, apart from the performance issues and the abrupt ending, Rage is fine as it is. 

I felt that the corridoor shooting sections were much more fun, and are the actual meat of the game, than the open world sections. id is probably not that good at doing open worlds, and if they tried to do more it might just bloat the game and make the good parts too far apart.

In my opinion, Rage has the exact right amount of open world. Enough to make me feel that there's some sense of exploration, but not enough to make the game feel bloated."
"The original author on /r/pcgaming didn't get any gold, the person who copy-pasted the post to PCMR got 6x Gold."
"I don't believe what they are saying. The head of the studio said around launch that they didn't receive a penny from Nvidia, but literally every track has Nvidia signs literally everywhere.  "
"Nowhere in the article did it actually explain the awful performance on AMD cards though. Sure it's easy to say it's because AMD has bad drivers, but how many other games have been released that don't have this issue?"
That's... really impressive...actually. I wouldn't expect the assets to be in the same form at all after a port like that.
"So if the reason it's running badly on AMD GPUs and old gen Nvidia GPUs is not Gameworks, what is it?"
"The gameplay screen looked a lot like FEAR 2 to me. I think I'd be into a Doom game that abstracted its corridor-&gt;room-&gt;corridor shooting into bigger corridors (roads) and rooms (buildings, intersections, etc.), but the aesthetic to this is just too Generic FPS Circa 2009. "
"http://wccftech.com/nvidia-gameworks-program-announced-full-support-steamos-flex-unified-gpu-physx-demonstrated/

Project CARS was literally part of nVidia's original announcement of the Gameworks program. 

http://www.geforce.com/whats-new/tag/nvidia-gameworks

nVidia themselves certainly seem to think that Project CARS is a Gameworks title. "
This is one of those bullshit PR releases that is more notable for what it *doesn't* say. So why not tell us what actually is the reason for the atrocious performance issues with AMD cards in their soaked-to-the-gills with Nvidia commercials game?
"It's cool that he's working hard at his new game. Personally, I wouldn't have minded just having some more Gunpoint, but that game probably potentially could have worn out its welcome if he kept adding more to it."
"That's glib.

Some narrative mysteries are used as an excuse for not resolving plots and events.

ME3 up-ended established events, plots &amp; lore (over scores of gameplay hours) for a near coin-flipping resolution.

Much lazier."
"My problem with the Mass Effect 3 ending was that everyone who noticed the same tricks being pulled in Mass Effect 2 were shouted down. Even today, the people complaining about Mass Effect 3's ending are oblivious to how much Mass Effect 2 raped the series lore that Mass Effect 1 set up so brilliantly."
"&gt; My biggest problem was that the Reapers went from some big, impossibly intelligent and unknowable god-machines with a purpose and motives we can't comprehend to being the age-old sci-fi cliche of ""robots that went crazy.""

Did you miss ME2, where they went from being big, impossibly intelligent and unknowable god-machines to painfully stupid cartoon villains obsessed with humanity and Shepard?"
And they just so happened to put a shockingly high amount of stuff that can only be rendered well by maxwell cards in the game and knowingly screwed many customers?
"Doom was basically Robotron 2048 from the first person perspective. Regenerating health in first person shooters was a direct reaction to instantly-impacting or nearly-instantly-impacting realistic bullets replacing the slower/dodge-able/avoidable projectiles/enemy attacks of the past. Think about how in Dark Souls-type games you have time to dodge/react to the enemy's attacks. That's how Doom and other FPS games functioned from about 1993-1999 or so. That's the type of gameplay I, personally, fell in love with, and why I just can't really get into Call of Duty and similar games. Doom 3 played like this most of the time, and Rage did, too. 

But Rage tried to add some light RPG-like trappings that caused it to just drag out and constantly gave an illusion of choice where none existed. Why would you even ask a player if they want to take a mission on if their only other option is to just quit playing? Why would you set up a bunch of crafting and vendor systems when the drops aren't really random? And what you choose to craft or buy doesn't really matter? Why not just drop the ammo/items directly? Rage just didn't know what it was or what it wanted to be.

I hope that was a big wake-up call for Id. If I had to guess, I would say that at this point 95% of their staff are now younger guys who all grew up playing Doom and Quake and fell in love with those games, and wanted to work at Id because that's the type of games they wanted to make. I hope they've been given that chance and Doom 4 is a return to their roots. For me personally, they'd already lost ""automatic buy"" status before Rage came out. 

I actually really liked Doom 3, but the delays on Rage and what I saw from pre-release info made me wary so I waited for reviews, and was glad I did. I got it much later super cheap on a Steam sale, and barely played 2 hours of it. Every time I got to a town, I just completely lost interest and stopped playing. After the third time this happened, I didn't go back and eventually deleted it."
"&gt; but for some reason this didn't happen between AMD and the Project Cars developers. 

Doesn't the article state otherwise? Let me quote:

&gt; Direct involvement with both nVidia and AMD has been fruitful in assisting with the game performance at various stages of development. Both AMD and nVidia have had access to working builds of the game throughout development, and they have both tested builds and reported their results and offered suggestions for performance improvements."
"Does the combat system still get defeated by single button macros?  To me that was the most frustrating thing.  I liked the leveling experience and the hybrid building, but as soon as I started to look at end-game and how ""everyone else is doing it"", I learned that you could literally do your entire rotation with 1 button because the macro system allowed queuing abilities."
"&gt; there seemed to be no level-appropriate reward for doing these rifts in low level zones

They give Planarite and other currencies which can be turned in to a vendor in every zone for level-appropriate rewards.

&gt; As far as I recall, these would trigger if Rifts stayed open too long. The entire region would get overrun by max level NPCs that could kill friendly NPCs, including quest givers (At least in beta). And as before, high level players had no reason to help out.

There's a level mentoring system now, so higher level players can mentor down to whatever level they want and still receive currency rewards appropriate for their level.  This is awesome because you can *very* easily outlevel zones.  If you're a completionist, you can just set your mentor level to the appropriate level for the area and still receive XP.

&gt; when I tried the game again very briefly, they seem to have made it so you're forced to pick one of several combinations of souls

These are just suggested builds for new players.  You can swap them out for whatever you want.

&gt; I remember playing a warrior, putting points in one tree, getting a skill, then putting points in another tree and getting an -identical- skill

This does still exist.  Basically you can choose whichever you want to use, though sometimes it is more beneficial to use one over the other depending on your ""main"" soul; some can have modifier skills in the tree that increase damage/healing/etc. by X amount for abilities from that Soul.

***

Here are some of my thoughts on Rift:

* I got back into Rift about a month ago and I'm having a blast.  I was a player at launch for about a year and a half.  Some people are turned off by the ability to straight up buy gear, but it honestly doesn't bother me at all.

* The housing is pretty cool but could use some work.  Lots of customization available within.

* The wardrobe system is amazing and even better than in Guild Wars 2.

* Instant Adventures are an awesome way to get some XP and loot when you only have a few minutes to play, or when you don't feel like questing.  Hop in, hop out, get rewards.

* The fact that every single player can fill all of the four roles (tank, healer, support, DPS) is still awesome and one of the main reasons I enjoy Rift.  Especially since you can save your builds as presets and swap to them whenever.

* The PvP is still very meh.  If PvP is your game, Rift might not be a great time.  If PvE is your game, you'll probably enjoy Rift.  It just seems like there's always something to do.

* Some F2P restrictions are present, but nothing on the level of SWTOR.  Game time can be purchased with in-game money and the Patron (subscriber) benefits are great.

"
"It'd be amazing if this actually discussed WHY it doesn't play well with AMD GPU's. It's one thing to announce the reasons why the internet is false, yet it's an entirely different thing to discuss what exactly is hindering performance. Not doing so leaves more questions than answers and leaves people still extremely suspect of what has happened."
"Been using a 7970 for the past two years with no more issues than I had with my old Nvidia card. People ""bother"" with AMD because they're generally much more competitive with their prices than Nvidia."
"&gt; ME3 (and the game as a whole was amazing)

From a writing perspective? Not in the least! Has everyone forgotten the hamfisted child-dreams? The forced cutscene losses to Kai Leng? The simplification of dialog and the proliferation of MMO-esque fetch quests? That they opted to (from a story perspective) basically ignore all of your decisions in prior games, with the exception of the Krogan quest line? The turning of EDI into a sexbot with Joker?

Honestly, the only part the game got right was the Krogan quest. The terrible ending blinded us and blinded discussion of the game: the game itself was a terrible *Mass Effect* game (though the actual combat was improved), but the ending overwhelmed any other criticism. The game was not amazing, even if you ignore the ending."
"Obsidian basically hid away a bunch of content in the game files that wasn't fully finished due to a forced early release date. Extra quests, companion dialogue, and a bunch of stuff surrounding the ending. Because all this stuff was left out the ending felt fairly rushed. 

Modders found those unfinished bits, finished them up, and added them back to the game. The result is a much more complete, satisfying and less buggy experience. Obsidian has complimented the modders on their efforts."
"No, I think it's compensation for getting some engineering help from nvidia. That's a lot more valuable than the cards themselves."
"This is not the first time in recent memory that a game has come out that runs beautifully on Nvidia but runs garbage on AMD for absolutely no logical reason. Case in point, FF13 and Neptunia, which both run like complete ass on any AMD parts. Both companies have been completely silent on these performance issues as well."
"There's quite a lot of sci-fi elements in The Witcher series, seeing how magic along with magical beings came to be when an event called conjunction of the spheres happened, which is basically a bunch of dimensions mixing together.

If I remember this correctly and pardon me if I don't, the Wild Hunt is actually a band of powerful, old elves (Tolkien elves) who can travel through time and the wild hunt that appears in Geralt's timeline is actually an imprint of them from a different dimension or sphere, as they call it. 

If there's anyone versed in witcher lore than can clear this out for me, I'd appreciate it :D"
Is this one also a big convention-like event where they stuffed so many people into the room that most of them were hidden behind the camera? That seriously killed most of the excitement of the last AGDQ.
"You don't need to use GOG Galaxy in order to download the game, some people like to just donwload the installers. If you installed thru GOG Galaxy the game will update automatically."
Am I the only one who looks through every option and figures out if I should turn it on or off and what it does?
"The first day was quite awkward, it got better towards the end but yes. All the rules and dos and don't imposed by the organization were too much for a spectator-driven event. Let the plushies, shirts, clapping, and hype in. Please."
"If you haven't seen the Tetris run from AGDQ last year then you are missing out! https://youtu.be/ViwDUiCzPVU?t=3795 (Edit: 1:03:15 for mobile users) this is the highlight from it, he got the highest grade possible at the time and about a month later went on and got Grandmaster, an achievement only a handful of people can say they have. Tetris is a must watch for any speedrun due the skill and precision needed to get it perfect."
"So this is completely unplayable for me. Not sure if anyone else is getting this, I have an MSI GS60 Ghost pro laptop with 870m 6gb gpu. Right now with everything on minimum and at 1600x900 res I get about 10 fps."
"First impressions after 1,5h - gamepad controls are bit odd, framerate is steady, game looks beautiful. Here and there few visual glitches, nothing big. Some people are reporting crashed, nothing yet here."
"That part was part of Geralt's ""recovered memory"". Not something that physically happens at the end of 2. He just finally remembers what happened before he lost his memory. It's like a flashback. 

Edit: this whole part is the memory. Not stuff that happened in W2. 

&gt;Geralt regains some of his lost memory, and remembers that he and his lover, the sorceress Yennefer, had nearly been killed long ago before being saved by Geralt's adopted daughter Ciri, who is a source, much like Alvin in the first game.  The Wild Hunt, a group of spectral wraiths, appeared and abducted Yennefer because they wanted her power, with Geralt and Letho in pursuit.  Geralt exchanged himself for Yennefer, leaving Letho to care for Yennefer.  Geralt later escaped The Wild Hunt and showed up near death with no memory, which is where the first game began."
"I got an extra 30 FPS on my GTX 780 Ti by turning off the Nvidia hair effects and setting the detail distance/background character density to ""high"" instead of ultra.  Now I pull 60 frames at 1080p."
"Pcars initially wanted to use more Gameworks specific features for visual effects such as water spray in the rain, marbles on the track and water effects on windscreen but all of them was canned half way due to lack of time. 

I don't know what went wrong but I used to play the backer build with AMD hardware. It was fine early on yet the release build was bugged then a lot of minor bugs creeped back to the game. "
"Nvidia 960 GTX with a poor old i5 2500k @ 3.3 GHz. This game is choking both. I have to lower everything to lowest to even get to 60 FPS, and even then it stutters like crazy.

That's what I get for being right on the minimum!

EDIT: So uh... Turns out my MSI Afterburner settings had screwed up. Power Limiter was set to 46%. After I switched it back, I'm now getting 60 FPS on Medium-High."
The game is great from what I've played so far. One thing that's really stuck with me is the very fluid facial expressions that I haven't seen since the LA Noire days. It gives the characters a lot more life.
"Playing on ultra on a Nvidia gtx970 at around 40-50 fps stable. Visually stunning, controls are greatly improved, and the user interface is fluid and a pleasure to use. Already loving the game."
"Right at the bottom of the graphics options should be Hardware mouse, make sure you have that enabled."
"Before people say this is because of his on going recovery from his resent illness (and it could be), Iwata has been in the US multiple times within the last year for talks with Universal about their joint venture in Universal's themeparks. Himself and Miyamoto have been escorted around the parks to show how well Universal treat the IPs that end up in their parks. I think Iwata may be busy in Japan sorting out the DeNA deal as well as all the other stuff that needs to be done. Reggie, Bill Trinten and Miyamoto will be able to handle E3. Plus due to Nintendo's digital event being pre recorded Iwata is guaranteed to make an appearance."
"Listen at this interview with AMD graphics guru Richard Huddy from around year ago (skipped to *really* critical part):
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fZGV5z8YFM8&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=36m00s

[
The whole interview about the topic is critical to listen actually.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fZGV5z8YFM8&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=30m10s)

Nvidia is pulling this same scheme even harder now with PCars and now it'll finally cost them. All responses from PCars and Nvidia so far have been petty damage control and they don't actually explain anything really. This interview does and evidence is all over other GameWorks games.
"
"I'm not sure at this point ""nostalgia"" should be a concern when making this game. After all, even the most memorable franchises of video game history reinvent the wheel sometimes. "
"It's hardly unprecedented. This isn't even the first time they've ended with Chrono Trigger with 100% incentive. And it has usually worked for them because with long runs, it A) gives more people the opportunity to tune in for the finale, and B) has plenty of high dollar incentives to push the donation total up drastically for the end. "
Just having hairworks on Geralt dropped my frames by 15- 20 (from 80 ish fps to around 60) when running on high with a 970. That setting is REALLY taxing in performance.
"Yeah, there isn't much of a reason to be there when the conference is a prerecorded stream.

Reggie is the America guy, and people like their Reggie. "
"Surprised that people with modern graphics cards are having troubles with this game. Running at almost everything on ultra with a GTX 680 at 40+ FPS at all times, no stuttering or noticeable drops."
"I cannot get through the tutorial, the game always crashes on the Gwent tutorial. I have restarted my game twice now, and both times it crashes on the Gwent tutorial. 

Also the game constantly has messages pop up with:

&gt; Gamepad Detected

&gt; Control Scheme Changed

About every 30 seconds or so, it is getting really annoying. Nothing is touching my keyboard, or my mouse it just constantly pops up. 

However what i have seen so far seems to be fairly decent. Game looks good, seems to run well, controls seem a tad janky but i could really get into this.

If i could complete the tutorial. 

*EDIT* Solution for me was to enable full screen and i have played for 45 minutes with no crashing. "
"Just a quick question, what is everyone's opinion on Keyboard and Mouse VS Controller for PC? What will you guys be using? "
"tbh after all that games and bioware's pandering to fluff up their so-so writing I simply doubt they'll ever be able deliver anything else than ""pop"" rpgs (as in low depth catering to the lowest common denominator for sales)."
"you guys should head over to http://np.reddit.com/r/witcher/comments/36ew9o/official_performance_thread/  
for more performance impressions"
Yep. Those were some carefully chosen words. Probably with help from Nvidia's legal and marketing teams. 
"Immediately noticed the very 'floaty' mouse (typical of most lazy console port games) and was instantly pretty displeased, worried I'd have to spend a few hours trying to figure out which file to edit to hopefully make the mouse behave like a standard PC game...but CDPR delivers as usual, knowing that most PC gamers absolutely despise any coloration added to the way the mouse moves/behaves, with an option right in-game to turn on **hardware mouse** movement.  It's really refreshing to see a game developer finally get this right. 

For anyone looking for where this option is, go to Options --&gt; Video --&gt; Graphics --&gt; Scroll *all* the way down to the bottom of that page --&gt; Turn 'On'"
"It's late so I haven't had much time to play. First impression though is that all the text is really tiny. And I'm playing on a 55"" TV…

Looking forward to getting a proper crack at it tomorrow though."
"I enjoyed the combat in 1 WAY more than 2. 

Yes, I know I'm the only one, just putting it out there "
"My only major complaint so far is controls with mouse and keyboard.  
The movement keys are not rebindable, which I really don't understand and makes it quite hard for me to play. Also, several menu keys are not rebindable as well, but this is less impactful.  

Some key combinations required to perform certain actions feel a little weird to me, but I still hope to get used in time.  

Default mouse acceleration settings are incredibly awful, but selecting ""Hardware input"" gets much better.  

Still need to work with it, but first impression on controls is not particularly good. The camera is also weird at times and walking around doesn't feel very natural nor easy, particularly if you have to use stairs or climb walls.   

That said, the rest of the game so far looks certainly very good, intriguing and vast."
Something is wrong. I have an i5 750 (less than minimum) @ 4ghz and a gtx 770. getting 60 fps on medium settings and 45 fps with lots of npc's around.
"Loving it my only gripe tho, isn't a big one because I'll probably get used to it, is the way he moves. It feels like there's no weight to the movements and it's very fast "
"The teen angst was most present in the first episode, and there were inklings in the second episode, but I think it shone through because the story was still largely being set up and the action wasn't rising so quickly (although it seems that from here on out, it will be a lot more action, and story) "
"Still recovering from last year's E3? http://youtu.be/4NcDZmmu9FM
 
This is fine as it gives NoA more of the spotlight and they certainly know what they're doing when developing promotional activities for E3. The Nintendo World Championship should garner some interest from all console fans especially if it incorporates newer titles like Splatoon and the upcoming Star Fox. "
"This. Faces are amazing in this game. The models, the skin shaders, the animations are just fantastic."
Turning off Nvidia Hairworks as well as lowering Foliage distance down a bit has made a huge difference to me. Currently 60fps stable.
"If you remember the Civ V launch, you'd be impressed at how good the BE release was. People HATED Civ V at launch, it was VERY poorly received. Now that the expansions are out everyone seems to have forgotten all about that. I'll go on record as saying that vanilla BE &gt; vanilla V. We'll have to see if this expansion lives up to the standards set by G&amp;K and especially BNW, but if it does BE will become the better game."
"Cool, I'll use my 360 controller for it. Kind of a bummer, I like using KB+M on PC. Makes me feel like I'm actually playing a PC game. Haha"
"Tom Francis is also an awesomely hilarious games writer, check out his documenting how he played through Skyrim using illusion magic only: http://www.pcgamer.com/an-illusionist-in-skyrim-part-1/"
"I disagree, it just takes time to get used to. (Although I rebind some things to my G13)

Aiming bombs/knives/crossbow is much faster with a mouse to no surprise."
"That was what I thought, too; that the Reapers went from mysterious Lovecraftian horrors with on an inscrutable (to the player) quest... to robots who kill people before people can build robots that will kill people? 

My problem with Hudson (and Walters, I guess) is that the end of Mass Effect was a slow pitch: one last high-stakes battle with their team; Garrus, Liara, etc., two or three cutscenes that reflected the decisions made throughout the series (e.g. the Rachni swarming over a Reaper capital ship, the queen's voice in Shepard's mind like ""the singers will never forget your kindness"", or whatever), Shepard gets his/her closure, credits roll.

Instead, it took what made the series great - and that includes its themes; like cooperation, friendship, etc. - and wrecked it all in about 5 minutes.

Thanks, Hudson.

"
"Indeed. As said by others in this thread, the press release is clearly damage control. I would like to add that given the article only corrects, only says what *isn't* true, it leaves a suspicious outline which begs to be filled with the truth. I am inclined to believe they did so specifically so those more respected and more knowledgeable tech-wise would fill in the void with what they know to be true (i.e. AMD's drivers being [woefully unoptimized for DX11 multi-threading](http://www.anandtech.com/show/9112/exploring-dx12-3dmark-api-overhead-feature-test/3) compared to NVIDIA's drivers) and spread it on to others. Fortunately for us, by not addressing the AMD and pre-Maxwell performance issues, we know enough about what was intentionally left out to fill in the outline formed by what wasn't said."
I think the Eurogamer article is wrong in saying that those numbers don't include digital sales - though you can take a look at the report directly: http://ir.take2games.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=86428&amp;p=irol-newsArticle&amp;ID=2049380
"The reason that nVidia has quite a fair bit of in game advertisement was due to nVidia doing a lot of free exposure for pCARS to the public at it's early development in 2011-2012 via videos or conventions when the developers could not afford any form of paid marketing. Panasonic was also another close partner to SMS because they even had 4K videos running on their TVs on display in retail so SMS also put a lot of Panasonic adverts on the track. It was mainly a gesture of thanks for both nVidia and Panasonic for their marketing early on. 

Back in 2012 to 2013, pCARS was supposed to use lesser known Gameworks/PhysX feature called [Apex Turbulance](https://developer.nvidia.com/apex-turbulence) to generate water sprays from cars in real time, instead of a canned effect animation while also improving the water effects on windscreen in the rain. Both features was canned when the game gone Beta due to lack of time and they used canned animation instead. 

As far as I know, there arent any specific feature tied to Gameworks other than the confirmed CPU based collision PhysX usage in the game. I used an AMD mobile GPU to play the game since 2011 until end of 2014 where I had little issues with the game. I do not know what went wrong with the live builds."
"Same thing here, I'm playing with the xbox controller and it's alright, just not perfect. I felt the need to go into the options and lower the sensitivity, which is never a good thing. I've only played for 2 hours or so but so far this is my only complaint. The game looks amazing and runs well on my system. 

But yeah I'm sure I'll get used to it. It's still controls a lot better than witcher 2 did in my opinion. Especially the combat is much more fluid and fun. 

Oh and the UI is **much** improved from witcher 2. Everything is nicely laid out and intuitive, at least so far. 

Edit: triple monitor support out of the box, that's always nice to see!"
"This was touched on by Triss; kind of a ""blink and you'll miss it"" moment.

When Geralt explains that Alvin had suddenly disappeared, Triss remarks that it may be impossible to find him again because the extent of his power means he could have traveled to any place *or any time*."
"I would accept a DOOM spinoff in this vein, but it wouldn't make sense with the last core release being 10(?) years ago."
"No, it sold 52m on PC alone.

/SARCASM.

Seriously, it sold like 35m on last gen, the rest should be on current gen+pc."
"I have to say that Rift is by far one of the most generous F2P models out there. I played for about 5 months without ever subscribing or buying gems. The game had lots of content to do and I never hit a paywall of ""You can't do that"" or felt restricted. It was crazy how good it was F2P. 

I ended up subscribing for a few months and buying 5 months worth of sub time in gems to sort of ""pay"" them for the fun I had in those 5 free months. I stopped playing because I had my fill after nearly a year. It was good, and I tend to ""give up"" MMOs before they feel stale like WoW does to me"
"I'm having so much trouble with WASD.  Precision movement is just impossible.  Getting through doors, fences, standing in-front of NPC's to talk to them.  So clunky."
Try the hardware cursor from the options (you'll know you have it because it makes the cursor smaller).
"It came out late last year. If they released DLC any faster, people would be crying about how it was obviously all stripped from the base game. They really can't win."
"Make sure your laptop isn't defaulting to its crappy integrated graphics card. I know many laptops do that, even high end gaming laptops."
"Star Fox is supposedly on track for a 2015 release. With your comment, are you saying Yoshi, Xenoblade, and Mario Maker aren't worth getting excited over? Or that cheaper games like DKC Tropical Freeze, Captain Toad, and Kirby Rainbow Curse don't get the same level of development time and polish as typical Nintendo games simply because they're at a lower price? "
Why they put the hardware mouse option in Video is beyond my comprehension. But once you turn on hardware mouse the floaty feeling definitely goes away.
"People on here like to give console gamers a lot of crap, but I will give them one thing: of the 163 comments on here, about 95% are PC players complaining about performance.

That said, the game is pretty good so far. I thought the animated intro was one of the best openings to a game I've played in a while. The controls are a little goofy. Mostly I don't like how the movement doesn't have much weight to it, if that makes sense. But my initial impressions are very positive."
"Its weird but you also have to remember Triss went into this abusing Geralts only memory that he ""loved a sorceress once"".  Triss never bothered (because shes been infatuated with Geralt since forever) to clarify WHICH sorceress.

Though ill grant you historically Yen's and Geralts relationship has been pretty odd overall anyway."
"Splatoon is the only Nintendo game this year that I'd call ""rushed"" and it's releasing at full price. I'm sorry you didn't like Captain Toad or Kirby, but that doesn't mean they didn't receive a good amount of development time and attention merely because you didn't enjoy playing them. "
"can someone put that into perspective? I know skyrim sold like 20 mil, but is this now in the top 5 best selling games?"
I totally agree.  Feels like I'm playing as The Flash.  He's allowed to be *fast* but I wish there was some ramp-up time on his run speed or something.
"Agreed, only fault I have with the game so far is how floaty Geralt is. Otherwise so far pretty good experience. "
"Nvidia, along with some other companies, used Project CARS to promote their product, so the billboards are a way of saying thank you. It was effectively free advertising/promotion, where Nvidia took the game to some events.

Panasonic have Been using a Project CARS video to promote their 4K TVs, win-win for both companies.

---

&gt; • In game there are a number of company logos used, e.g. on billboards around tracks. These are simply there as recognition for the work done by those companies in helping to promote Project CARS at a range of events. The companies include :

&gt; - NVIDIA

&gt; - Panasonic

&gt; - Oculus Rift

http://forum.projectcarsgame.com/showthread.php?26370-Project-CARS-On-AMD-GPUs-Clarification"
"I have no idea how trustworthy it is, but wikipedia has a [list](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_best-selling_video_games) and it's at number 4.

Anyway, to go from Race'n'Chase to this is quite something. Well done you Scottish bastards."
"It is wrong. The report states sold-in, which menas physical copies sold to retail, plus digital copies sold to consumers and retail. The easiest way to understand what sold-in constitues is to look at what is most important in game sales for a company, which would be the revenue generated from sales. Even if a copy lands in a store but doesn't find a consumer for years, Take Two still enjoyed the revenue.

&gt; Grand Theft Auto V has now sold-in nearly 52 million units"
"&gt;The only thing consoles have that PCs don't is exclusives

And ease of use all around compared to PC. Yes, an experienced PC user won't have problems, but for someone who's got absolutely no experience with games or tech, a console is usually a better place to start. Fairly minor, but it IS still a specific advantage consoles have. Consoles are less maintenance, less difficult to set up, less quirky, less stuff to worry about in general, at the cost of being quite inferior technically to a PC. 

You can definitely make the argument that none of that should matter, but the fact of the matter is that consoles are inherently easier to understand, set up, and use than a PC is, and that can actually give them a niche - they can be an option for people who don't understand PC specs or who are willing to sacrifice some (sometimes a lot of) fidelity for convenience.

I think the issue is that people try to debate ""which gives the best end results"" which is not at all a debate, PC wins by a landslide. If you look at more than just raw power, though, consoles do offer a number of benefits over PC (and PC offers many of benefits over consoles). 

Which leads me to my usual answer for the topic: which is better just depends on the individual's needs. If you're willing to put up with quirks and take more time setting things up for a better end experience, you want PC. If you don't care that much how your games look and just want to pop in the disc, sit down, and play the game with no other bothers, then consoles will usually be a better fit."
"I was able to fix my CTD problem by rolling my Nvidia Driver back to 356.12.

Hit windows + r, type in devmgmt.msc, go under display adapter and right click your display adapter. Click properties and then under the driver tab select roll back driver. Voila! No more crashes"
"Sure but they wont ship 100 million if they expect to sell only 5 million. If they shipped 52 million, it tells us that the patterns they see indicate that they will eventually hit that number."
"&gt; Game A from publisher X cost $20. It was fun. 
&gt; Game B from publisher Y cost $40. It was not fun. 

This does not necessarily mean that publisher Y is ripping you off. There are many variables that go into game pricing, and just because you did not personally find one game (at what is considered a budget price for a new first party game on the console) fun while you found a cheaper game enjoyable doesn't mean that the more expensive game was rushed or overpriced. "
"I'm using it and seems perfectly fine. I'm still getting killed by a bunch of drowners, but I'm afraid that m&amp;kb aren't to blame.

But then again, I haven't touched a gamepad in well over a decade."
"&gt;  The movement keys are not rebindable, which I really don't understand and makes it quite hard for me to play. Also, several menu keys are not rebindable as well, but this is less impactful. 

C:\User\Documents\The Witcher 3\ input.settings"
"I'm not the person who you asked,  but the narrative contract felt like it was violated as soon as the game began in such a way that you had so little choice in how you proceeded. The destruction of the Normandy,  working with terrorist etc. Lore wise,  the entire Space Jesus thing felt way off. ME didn't feel like a a game were people could be brought back. The loss of crew members mattered so much because that wasn't even a possibility. The dangers you faced felt like a big deal because that wasn't a possibility. The Reaper Threat felt like a big deal because for all the technology that was available,  we weren't that advanced. 

The Reapers were scary because we didn't have the option of waving a magic science wand to solve the problem, like the kind that brought back Shepard. Yeah,  science was always part of it,  but in ME,  the science felt grounded. It was Talky Techy sci fi (as MrBTongue said), not science fantasy. There were borderline supernatural elements,  but those belonged to the Reapers. It was a rational universe fighting a threat that was beyond reason. From the get go, the game was about facing down that threat shoulder to shoulder with different people(s) and making the right decisions,  and the right sacrifices. No Space Jesus necessary. 

You were just a man,  or woman,  trying to do what needed go be done,  and with the terrible preiveledge of having a chance. You mattered,  your crew mattered,  what you did together mattered,  but there was a sense of proportion. That was quickly lost,  along with the Star Trek vs Lovecraft tone. So was at least some of the illusion was lost,  too. It became pretty clear that the decision regarding the council at the end of ME1 didn't really matter. The political maneuvering of the first game wasnt really given the chance to grow. Given the priority given to the political elements in ME1, this was a shame. They would do more politics,  but it really got shifted down the list of priorities. 

Shooting stuff on the other hand got shifted up. Some people like this,  although I felt it was a step back,  and it felt really generic. It also messed with the lore. I get that not many things in pop culture take strategy all that seriously,  but completely abandoning what was effectively unlimited ammo?  That makes no sense,  and the implementation of this mechanic made any less sense. This was a huge deal to me,  because the combat was context. It took place in the game world,  and helped build it up. Divorcing combat from world building was a huge step back. 

Not that I fully acknowledged this at the time. Playing through all 3 games before doing any replays,  I didn't realize just how little my choices mattered after ME1. Not until the ending. Because the ending is where the illusion of choice,  or rather,  the illusion of consequence completely fell apart for some,  that may explain why the ending is the focus of criticism. Even ME1, which I consider a masterpiece, pushed some of the consequence off until 2,  and it didnt have enough fail states. That would be fine if ME2 delivered. It didnt. Not for me at least. All it did was pull the wool over my eyes,  making me put all of my hopes in 3. Oh,  my poor hopes. "
"The Star Child might fit that bill if you want it to lol,  although if it is,  it wasn't intentional. "
"""doesn't play well"" doesn't even begin to describe the situation with Project Cars.  
""plays really really badly"" is more like it.

To anyone who isn't familiar with this issue:  
http://pclab.pl/art63572-7.html

According to this benchmark (and many others online) the top-of-the-line 290 and 290x, which are comparable to the gtx780 and the gtx970, are barely managing 60fps while their nVidia counterparts are breezing through 80-90fps

You can't just simply blame ""bad drivers"" when the same GPUs are performing similarly to their nVidia counterparts in pretty much all other games out in the market today.

All this Official Clarification does is deny allegations and speculations that the community has brought forth, that's fine and all...  
But how about actually explaining this performance gap?  

We just want to know what the fuck is going on, we don't want bullshit doublespeak that doesn't actually explain anything."
"There are some tab based menus that reeks console UI. When pressing m for map, then exiting the map you end up in the ""main menu"", having to press esc again which is annoying. Changing signs can be used by pressing tab, then moving the mouse to select which is awkward. Luckily you can use 3-7 to select signs which I would recommend. 

Overall it is a lot better than witcher 2 imo, my only gripe is the esc spam when exiting certain layered menus.

EDIT: buying items/inventory management is a bit tedious sometimes as there is no way to sort item when buying, and no search function in either inventory or shop."
"Oh and Take Two still lost 250 million dollars this quarter despite those GTA results. 

Some serious mismanagement going on in that company."
"I'm playing on a 4770K at 4.4GHz, single AMD 290X (I have two but CrossFire is not working yet) and 16GB of RAM. The game is running at around 50-60 fps, on High settings at 2560x1440. I turned Detail Level up to Ultra, and turned off HairWorks entirely, other the rest of the settings are standard. 

For all the people crapping all over the graphics before the game even when live, talking about downgrades and how it wasn't optimized - I strongly disagree. I have a high end PC and have played nearly every major game released and this game has by far the best open world environment I have seen yet. And even though I am only getting around 50-60 fps, it feels very fluid - better than I would have expected. It's even more demanding visually than Dragon Age: Inquisition, and they had a fraction of the budget of that game.

They definitely met my expectations.

Here are some screenshots from the very beginning of the game: http://imgur.com/a/6karq"
"Game feels like inquisition meets red dead redemption so far. More organic than inquisition though. 

Gameplay for me is miles better than W2. Love it to death so far."
"&gt;a Kirby game that on mobile should have max been $6.99.

There's the problem right there. It wasn't a mobile game. It's a console game. Console and mobile development are not even remotely the same beast both in terms of game design or cost. Playing a game on a home console is a premium experience that you're expected to pay a more premium cost for. If you don't like it, you don't have to participate in the console economy (especially because, as you point out, Nintendo can and does charge what it does partially because of the ""Nintendo"" brand on it, which is just smart business to be quite frank). You mention being a Wii U owner, yet it seems like a lot of the library isn't appealing for you (in fact, your Star Fox comment begs the question of why you bought a console centered around the Game Pad if ""gimmicky"" Game Pad-centric games aren't your thing? But I digress). You have no obligation to your Wii U, or Nintendo. If there aren't games you like on the console, don't buy new games that don't appeal to you just so you can have an excuse to play it! Browse the eShop for cheap digital games or Virtual Console titles! Buy some used Wii games! If you're still coming up dry, maybe consider selling your console if you really don't think you'll get any use out of it. "
"This is always a matter of personal preference that you really need to try it for yourself. I have been told in the past quite adamantly that a controller was the only way to play particular games, but when I tried it myself I found that my familiarity with the mouse made it superior **for me**.

I'm not saying that deathtotheemperor was wrong or being disingenuous, but it never hurts to spend 10 minutes to make up your own mind."
"I really don't like having to use Alt for anything important and Alt is used to dodge... 

I'm going to try switching over to my gamepad when I get home as a lot of users have said they're preferring it."
"Wikipedia is a really good resource on most stuff as it has sources on the bottom of the page for everything.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_best-selling_video_games#cite_note-ea.com-2"
"Animal Crossing is hardly a ""kids game"" and actually has one of the broadest audience demographics of any Nintendo game. They also just announced a new 3DS Animal Crossing game for this year, so I'm doubtful of a Wii U AC announcement. 

Also it seems like Mario Maker is this year's big Mario game, so I'd be a little surprised to see something on that front as well. Not too surprised though, it's Mario. "
"One thing I've noticed that people don't seem to be talking about is the load times.. They're great. I can't believe how fast it loads into the world. I can't even read the help tips most of the time. I'm not even in an SSD either. 

I'm loving it so far. It improves on everything from The Witcher 2 from what I've seen so far. It looks great and runs surprisingly great."
"I am admittedly having the same problem with a controller on a PS4. Movement is clunky, but I imagine I will adjust to it over time. The last game I played was Bloodborne, so I might just be having a hard time adjusting as well."
"In no particular order, we have:

* The Tetris Grandmaster block. An entire team of people will be running it this year.

* F-Zero GX. You think 200cc Mario Kart is fast. Hoo boy, wait 'til you see this. Also, there's an incentive for the run to be completed with one hand, so here's hoping that gets met.

* Binding of Issac Rebirth. This run is heavily dependent on RNG, so it'll be interesting to see what happens.

* Pokemon Blue. Not so much for the run, but the incentive. If it's met, Shenanigans will do a BLINDFOLDED run of the game. Donate. people!

* Shovel Knight. It will be a low% run using ONLY the shovel.

* Dustforce DX. If you want to see technical precision rivaling Super Meat Boy, this game is for you. Pity it's not a SS run, but it'll be good nonetheless.

* Kirby Tilt N Tumble. A little explanation on this one. This game is controlled by using the Game Boy Player attachment for the Gamecube and tilting the ~~Game Boy Color~~ Gamecube in various directions. There's an incentive for a controller cam, so hopefully that's met.

* Super Metroid race. If it's anything like the 2014 AGDQ race, it'll be the highlight of the marathon.

* The TASBot block. Enough said.

As for personalities, I would look forward to:

* Yoshi's Island run by Trihex. A old classic (that's glitched up the ass) run by an old dog who knows what he's doing. Bound to be informative and fun.

* Metroid Prime 2 Echoes run by MilesSMB. He's incredibly knowledgeable about the Metroid Prime series, and a great guy overall. Also, the game is broken as all hell.

* I Wanna be the Boshy run by Witwix. A hilarious game with a hilarious commentator.

* SMB: The Lost Levels run by GameJ06. This guy absolutely killed it last year and is a great streamer. Pop in on one of his runs if you've got time. Also, he'll be going through the A-D levels WITH Luigi.

Then there's the part that everyone enjoys, the Glitchfest:

* Metroid Prime Hunters. This game is broken. Badly.

* Octodad: Dadliest Catch Co-op run. If you've never seen this, sit back and relax.

* Ocarina of Time Any%. A new route by a new runner. Still as broken as ever.

* Sonic Boom: Rise of Lyric (Ver 1.0) Do I really need an explanation?

* The Silly Games Done Quick block. Most of these are bad games that nobody has heard of. Usually it's funny.

If you want more info, don't be afraid to stop by /r/speedrun for a more informed discussion on the runs.

Enjoy.

Edit: checked the thread on /r/speedrun for more runs. Added the Glitchfest category.

Also, Kirby Tilt N Tumble will be played on the Gamecube, not the Game Boy Color."
"Drew Karpyshyn talked about the original concept for the series ending, which (imo) was excellent. Remember Haestrom from Mass Effect 2? The star that was dying much, much earlier than expected? Originally, it was going to be because of Dark Energy being released as a consequence of Element Zero FTL drives, so the reapers could not allow galactic civilization to become *too* large; while at the same time, they were attempting to find some kind of solution to the problem through genetically diverse, collective intelligence (which is why they only harvested the most advanced species, because they were the ones that discovered and utilized their mass relays). The original moral dilemma at the conclusion of the series was going to involve their recognition of the resourcefulness of the current galactic community, and give them the option of sacrificing themselves to join the reapers (who had worked for so long to find a solution to the accelerated death of the galaxy), or allow them to work on the problem themselves. Or something along those lines, I'll dig up the article.

Edit: Article - http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2013-06-19-ex-bioware-writer-discusses-dropped-ideas-for-mass-effect-trilogy-ending"
"This is pretty good to see. It was so hard to get a good feel for that weapon in the hour I played. I'm much more excited to try this out next test.

"
"Damn, this game has the best facial animations I've ever seen. Character  faces can actually  convey  realistic human emotions, holy shit!  Take notes, Bioware, you have a lot to learn. "
As a PC gamer i have no complaints about performance. I have a GTX 970. It runs at 45-55 frames @ultra. and 30 frames at 4k on medium settings with high post processing. I think people have unrealistic expectations on how their game should run on their rig. 
"It's fun to rewatch the match and look at how blue team found out how to force the Charger off the pillar in the center, by the end of the match they knew one sticky bomb can safely clear out the Charger. Though the Charger took out the person who threw the last one as he/she ditched the perch. Pretty nice.

Also, these players are waaaaaay better with their 'nade spread than I was during the Testfire. I thought the multi-nade specials were kinda ""cop-out""-y, but I just wasn't good enough with throwing them quickly and fanning them out."
As someone who has been testing graphics cards and video drivers for a living for the last decade. You are wrong wrong wrong.
"The hidden link goes to...this: https://aviscogitations.files.wordpress.com/2010/02/greed.jpg

And it seems Edmund is referring to ""Sacrifice"" rooms, with the spikes in the middle of the room. ""Curse"" rooms are the ones that hurt you when you enter and exit them."
"&gt; You can't just simply blame ""bad drivers"" when the same GPUs are performing similarly to their nVidia counterparts in pretty much all other games out in the market today.

Actually, you can. ""Bad Drivers"" cause more CPU overhead which can can create a bottleneck. Other games may perform on par because their CPU requirements are lower than pCars. 

It would be awesome if they clarify what the bottleneck is though. "
"&gt; Even if a copy lands in a store but doesn't find a consumer for years, Take Two still enjoyed the revenue.

There's some mechanic in place which allows retailers to return some unsold products back to publishers for a refund. I don't know how extensive it is, but it doesn't always benefit a publisher to have millions of copies on shelves for that very reason. If shipped copies automatically equaled profit for the publishers those are the only numbers we'd ever see but that's not the case because until a game is in consumer hands it's not guaranteed to generate them revenue."
"It looks like most of the talk is gonna be about performance, which is definitely cool. Since this is the only impressions thread however, I just had to say something about the atmosphere. I just finished a side quest and am starting the first contract, so I got on Roach to go ride to the quest giver. Right now it's around 6:30 pm in game time. The sun is setting, and as I ride the trail the trees cast long shadows over the ground. Ahead of me is a quickly darkening forest and behind me is a scene of the village soaked in the last rays of day while it looks like dark thunderclouds roll in and the wind picks up and blows the tree tops overheard as I pass. I can even hear the creaking. I've almost never been so impressed and engrossed by a game world, it feels alive and it feels real. I have a feeling I'll love the rest of the journey.As for performance, it's good so far. I just started and have only played for like 2 hours, but no noticeable bugs on PS4. It did however crash once about 20 minutes in. Hopefully that doesn't happen again."
"People need to remember Nvidia are kings of PR. Remember the 970 fiasco? How they said nothing about it until people found out, then they act like ""woah, months later we realized that we didn't tell x team about this part of the hardware. so sorry guys!""

Also, aren't people curious why even Nvidia's 780/780ti are performing less and less over the 970/980 with every new game release? They're crippling their own old hardware to get people to buy the newer. It's a terrible practice."
In fairness he is a mutant specifically created for agility in sword based combat. You'd expect him to be super fast.
"&gt; about 95% are PC players complaining about performance.

Those people would probably complain even more if they were playing on console tbh. Complaints are mostly about not stable 60fps on ""low"" hardware."
"This is a game that looks better in motion than it does in still pictures. Although the wind seems exaggerated for effect, the foliage swaying in the wind makes the game world feel more alive. Traversing the forest under a full moon looks astonishing. The trees cast dynamic shadows in the moonlight, which contributes to the atmosphere of hunting at night.

"
"This game is beautiful, not just in the landscapes but almost more so in the character interaction. I don't think I've ever seen body language and facial expressions translated so well into a game. Also extremely important, Killing Monsters Is Fun. "
Yep. I don't understand why there isn't an option to make text bigger for the console version. I have 20/15 vision and can barely make out some of the text from my couch. 
"I've been playing The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt since Friday on PS4. V1.01. Around 15-20 hours so far.

The world is MASSIVE. I've gotten as far as Novigrad so far. Haven't been to Skellige yet, but it looks to be even bigger, with lots of water to boat around in.

Graphics are quite stunning, which is quite a feat since I've gotten mostly stable performance on the PS4 (around 30 fps). Glitching tends to occur during cutscenes. There was one instance where there was an error and it quit back to the PS4 menu after returning from Suspended Mode. But for the most part, all's good.

The writing is phenomenal. I can't help but compare this game to Dragon Age: Inquisition, a game that I traded in after 10-15 hours or so because it failed to hold my interest and attention. Part of it was due to gameplay, and part of it was due to a stale narrative. I'd never played a DA game before that one, and Inquisition failed to reel me in. On the other hand, I've also never played a Witcher game before TW3. Yet TW3 is truly a self-contained world, made all the better once you do some basic research on the wikia. This game doesn't pull any punches; there is humanity in TW3's characters, and the game doesn't hesitate to visit the darker depths of humanity and dark fantasy that many games tend to shy away from. This is truly a game for a mature audience. This is a level of writing rarely seen in games. And many of the choices you make in this game are not easy to make. 

The gameplay is pretty decent. Unfortunately, I can't visit all the nitty-gritty details of the combat because, frankly, I'm not that good of a player. I started this game on Normal and ended up switching to Easy to fit my play style; the combat and enemy AI are unforgiving. God of War brawler this is not; TW3's combat requires you to be mindful and alert. Parrying, dodging, casting, slashing, waiting...patience is a virtue here. And I'm not a very patient player.

As for my gripes? My biggest complaint is the inventory system, which is **fucked**. Items are grouped into very broad categories, and they pile up fast. It would have been better if they had grouped potions into their own separate category, with other separate categories for food, books, etc. Instead, many of these things are grouped together, some of them not very related. And you can't sort them. This means that your items are always in disarray, and you have to dig through all your crap to find what you want. This might be easier on PC, because console controls are selection-based, not cursor-based. It's also worth noting that inventory screens actually take a couple of seconds to load once you save up enough items. Overall, not a pleasant experience. 

It would also have made more sense to allow the player to pick herbs without going to that little loot screen. It's pointless. It's just herbs! And there are a lot of herbs. And you'll often run into notes and books that you have to read in order to progress through a particular quest. Problem is, once you pick it up, you have to go to inventory screen hell just to read it, only to most likely never read it again.

What else? The controls are mostly fine, except when you're sprinting. In this case, if you want to do a running jump, you'd have to twist your thumb to press O while holding down X. It's a very minor thing, though, and can be adjusted with the PS4's option to rebind buttons (TW3 itself doesn't support such a feature). Another thing: sometimes Geralt will look all the way up if you tilt the analog stick only a little; the camera just glides into that position almost seemingly of its own accord. Again, extremely minor thing that doesn't happen often. Last thing: Geralt's movement speed seem to lack a bit of depth. He can stand, walk, run, and sprint. But there seems to be a disconnect between walking and running in this game. Tilt the analog stick little by little, and Geralt will walk slow at first, then speed up. However, once he reaches a certain walking speed, there is a significant amount of tilt with no change of pace at all, before Geralt immediately goes into a full run. It felt weird at first; no matter how much I tilted the stick, Geralt would walk at that same pace. There's no fast walk or slow run; once you tilt the stick to a certain degree, he goes into a full run right off the bat. This is also a very minor thing, one that I got used to after several hours. Oh! And loading times are kinda long, but that's part and parcel for a game with so much detail loaded into such massive areas all at once.

All in all, though, this is a fantastic game. It's mind boggling how much the developers put into this. I honestly was not expecting this level of dedication and skill to manifest this year until MGSV's release. The number of quests are numerous to the point of intimidation, and the world seems endless. Not to mention the fact that TW3's big city, Novigrad, is as complex, deep, and detailed as you'd expect. Truly its own little world. The sunrises and sunsets are beautiful. Storm clouds roll in and shade the fields. And I'll add that the characters' clothing textures are just pure eye candy. Horse riding is a charm, too. Nothing like the awkwardness of horse-riding in Inquisition and Skyrim. Not quite RDR, but still good. Geralt is a surprisingly good character. It's surprising how coherent he is despite varying dialogue choices. And for once, it was quite liberating to play an RPG without the need for character creation purgatory. And again, I'll iterate that the writing is very well done. There is so much quality writing in this massive, beautiful setting. 

I'm currently taking a day or two to break from this game, because it is just too much. After 15-20 hours, I don't feel like I've gotten even halfway through. I'm going to take my time with this, and hope that it will keep me busy for May and perhaps June. Bottom line: I definitely recommend this game to anyone looking for a vast, deep action RPG set in a mature, dark fantasy setting.
"
"NVIDIA HairWorks is just there to take my 20FPS.  It's just like TressFX, makes hair look a bit more natural, but comes with such performance hit that's it's hardly worth it.  

So far I disabled HairWorks, Motion blur (because it's garbage), Depth of Field (always think of it as a gimmick option) and Chromatic Aberration. On GTX970 and i7-2600k with everything else on Ultra (with exception of shadows being on High) I'm getting around 60FPS riding in a village.  "
"Speaking of hype, it needs to be done naturally, not by screaming ""HOYP"" every thirty fucking seconds."
"Yes this quarter, the past 3-4 months. GTA V released nearly 2 years ago. I don't even think they've released anything other than GTA V on PC during that time.

They actually said this about the last quarter

&gt;“Our strong fourth quarter revenues and better-than-expected Non-GAAP profits marked an outstanding close to one of our Company’s best years ever,” said Strauss Zelnick, Chairman and CEO of Take-Two.

Just because a company loses money, does not mean it is failing or being mismanaged. It means that there is not any profit being made at the current time, and for a video games company that releases games generally either at the end or start of the year. Public video game companies will have losses, and then huge profits at the end of the calendar year.
"
"WHY we had to wait until Witcher 3 for a game to have ""hold A to set your horse on auto pilot""? That's like the best new thing I came across so far. Wish Skyrim had something similar.  Get on the road, hold gallop button and enjoy scenery while your horse AI navigates."
"I really don't like the way Geralt moves.  It feels too airy, and he can't move backwards.  

Combat movement is mostly fine though.  

Also picking up loot is waaaay too position/orientation dependent. "
"I would say yes. All alone, demons all over the place. Only things I would say would be A: it was more survival horror than doom was, but I suspect that was in attempt to recreate the feel players felt playing doom for the first time rather than a change in the philosophy of what doom should be (my opinion). B: I would say is doom 3 lacked hordes of monsters that we got in doom, but that could easily be due to technical limitations or just a change from open room ""sci fi military base"" to more of what we saw with cramped corridors in a science facility reminiscent of Aliens. I've always kind of thought Doom 3 was maybe what Doom would have been anyway without technical limitations, at least to a degree."
"Also this hidden link, http://i.imgur.com/QxNTH34.jpg

found here http://www.reddit.com/r/bindingofisaac/comments/36g42a/afterbirth_update_6_chorus_mortis/crdolka"
"I'm having no problems with a keyboard &amp; mouse, I turned off vsync, set it to hardware cursor (turns off mouse acceleration) and it's been great. A lot of people had clumsiness issues before they turned those off, and while the game was designed around a gamepad as well (so was The Witcher 2, oddly enough) it's only ""better"" if you're as or more comfortable using a gamepad (which I am certainly not). "
Worked below Rock star San Diego I think they got a hefty bonus with the original 360 PS3 launch. The most Teslas and new corvettes in one parking lot I've ever scene.
"It was amazing going out of a house after talking to some people, and even though it was around 11:00 am the sky was dark and a ridiculous storm was raging. I stood there for a moment, watching Geralt's hair wildly flay about, and was actually impressed.

This game's gorgeous."
"It would be nice if it had a cost you knew about ahead of time. Like you see the spikes and a number 3 or something on the ground. Or even make it ambiguous with a question mark and you knew it had to be close to that number, more or less. "
"Clash can be played on a lot more systems and can be enjoyed in much smaller and repeated doses.

So with many many times more potential players and being much much easier to consume you have a whole lot more revenue. Plus its one of those ""pay to have an easier time"" type games that rely on getting people addicted and handing over many small installments of money instead of one big instalment like a traditional game.

What ""real"" (and i use that term very lightly) gamers consider a great game and what the general populace are willing to spend money on are pretty different things."
"playing on PS4 and done about 4 hours so far.  So first impressions.  The game is a bit clunky as was the Witcher 2.  Cut scenes are abrupt in how they fire off and seems like they cut out some sort of animation.  I dunno its weird and not very seamless.  There is some of that gold old fashioned Open World Jank.  Oh sweet sweet Jank! 

 Combat is ok, not great... enemy AI seems just incredibly bad.  Their leash points are so short also, which just means its super easy to hang out at the edge of their leash zone and slaughter them similar to the Souls games.  I do like the movement in combat. That feels great, i like the spells of course.  The lock on system is rough and feels very unresponsive.  I have trouble switching quickly if one enemy jumps ahead of the one i have locked on.  Overall its ok combat, i of course need to keep leveling and stuff but at the basic level of combat it feels somewhere in between good Assasins Creed and a pinch of Bloodborne but not as good that. 

Graphically their are moments it looks great and for sure moments it looks rough.  Vegetation isnt too great on PS4, there seem to be a few frame drops so far.  Nothing all that bad but some have been noticeable.  For sure though its a good looking PS4 game, just you can tell there were some sacrifices made.  Its not going to challenge Infamous Second Son or Shadows of Mordor imo for best looking games on the system. 

So maybe if anyone actually has read all this you think im down on the game.  Not the case at all because so far the strength of this game seems to be the quests.  The mainline story ive done so far has been pretty cool.  Most of what ive done has been the side quests though.  One in particular complete sold me on playing this entire game.  If anyone has played the game its the one with the Noonwraith.  From the begining to end the quest is really cool just investigating a haunted well.  How they portray the Witcher as a detective and a super intelligent hunter of monsters is fucking awesome.  I am really enjoying using his senses to find clues and hearing his dialogue about the world.  

The world seems very cool so far.  I played very little of the Witcher 2 and none of 1 so i have basically no idea whats going on.  I have some idea of the factions at play.  There is a place early on you find a battlefield where bloody fight has taken place very recently and it is pretty cool.  Tension seems to be everywhere.  I really dig the world and how the detective stuff is feeling.  All the other things surrounding it seem perfectly reasonable and good enough to prop up the questing and world building they are doing.  My current quest im on is super cool.  Im about to go into a crypt after some other Witcher that was sentenced to slay the spirits of a family there and presumed dead. 

TLDR: Its rough around the edges but the cons are good enough to prop up the fantastic Questing and World Building.

"
"Please don't judge PC Gaming as a whole based on this. Every time that a new game comes out people flood the comments complaining about how they can't achieve 60fps with all settings on Ultra while they just meet the minimum specifications. We know that our ""consoles"" are more expensive to achieve what we want, but most of us are older with jobs and we don't mind paying into our passions. 


Even the recommended settings don't guarantee maxed graphics with perfectly smooth gameplay usually. Most of us know what we're doing, but we're too busy playing to come comment."
"Only complaint I have so far is how Geralt controls when out of combat. It's like trying to maneuver a large vehicle or something; he's great if you're just going straight ahead, but once you want to start turning or applying more precision in general it feels awful, mostly when searching the ground or indoor areas for items, clues, etc.

Other than that the game seems like a vast improvement on Witcher 2 in every regard including the combat, thankfully as the combat in Witcher 2 was a *huge* gripe I had in it - so bad I came close to just quitting the game. (Brief explanation: lack of skills/abilities to defend yourself, almost entirely made up of small rooms, halls, etc to fight in which meant no real maneuverability at any point, and many if not all of the scripted fights had the enemies start right in front of you which forced you to take damage before getting control of your character, and the ""animation breaks"" didn't help either; enemies would often break their animations and immediately attack or defend when they clearly shouldn't have been able to)"
"&gt; And Xenoblade is a JRPG of 300 hrs set to release during the busiest 3rd party release time of the year.

And from what I hear from Japan, it's fucking awesome and worth it. Especially if you liked Chronicles. 

Hell, the soundtrack's sort of leaked Stateside and I've already begged one of my sources to preorder and ship me a copy of the CD."
"I'm playing on PS4 and having trouble controlling the character and I can't tell if I'm terrible or the controls are bad. It seems like you need to hit X like 3-5 times to get on the horse, parrying doesn't work when I hit the button on attacks, dodging feels strange, and movement is weird. I can't tell if I'm just terrible at the game or what. "
"LA Noire hit the uncanny valley for me, the only game with better faces that I can think of at the moment is Crysis 3"
"Boy you'ed have to feel like a real scumbag to pirate this game. Its just too easy

EDIT: oops I must have hurt someones feelings. getting down-voted for not advocating piracy is just silly. There are some legitimate reasons to pirate a game temporarily but most people are doing it to steal the game and that sucks when the company has put their trust in the gamer. The witcher 3 is the only AAA game that I can think of that is DRM free and all I want to do is reward the developer for trusting us. Here is my official opinion: DRM is bad and pirating is bad (mostly). Can we agree on that?"
"Anecdotally, my brother and his friends buy those pretty frequently (despite my protests), so there's that. My understanding is that it's kinda a grind to get money in Online."
"Are there any sources for this *other* than this video? The video uploader didn't put up the link to the pages where this was mentioned either. I would imagine if this was such a big thing, it would actually be announced properly.

tl;dr No proof whatsoever in the video.

EDIT: Whoever posted the comment before me, you seem to have been shadowbanned."
"What load times? This game is ridiculously seamless. I'm seriously impressed with that, as I was kind of sceptical when CDPR announced they'd do away with them while in zones."
I've seen a lot of reports confirming your understanding. I don't know if that changed since the heists came out but I recall a lot of angry people calling out the microtransactions which no doubt influenced the grindiness of the online.
"That's how those models works. Grind or pay for the gotta have it now urges. Personally, I've never bought GTA$. I'm just perfectly fine running heists and saving the money from that. "
"&gt; It's just like TressFX, makes hair look a bit more natural, but comes with such performance hit that's it's hardly worth it.

I was able to play Tomb Raider with TressFX no problem, but HairWorks absolutely wrecks my framerate."
"&gt; EDIT: Whoever posted the comment before me, you seem to have been shadowbanned.

Somehow the first comment of MOST games threads seems to be someone who was shadowbanned. "
http://www.realitymod.com/forum/f10-pr-bf2-general-discussion/134703-where-do-you-get-battlefield-2-now.html
Would it be worth re-posting this topic with this link then? A changelog leak is pretty significant! Hopefully this gets followed up with an actual announcement from the PR team too
"Holy crap, if this is legit I'm going to be so happy.  My brothers and I bought BF2 back in the day and since lost our keys and CDs, so we've been really wanting to play PR again recently without the ability to."
"Actually they can blame drivers. This is the same reason why these companies release driver updates all the time with ""we fixed issues with game x"". "
"It'll be interesting to see how this all works out if it is the case. Not in terms of legality but rather how big the files will be.

At the moment you've got first install BF2 (if you've got the BF2+Special Forces pack it takes ages) then you've got to install like 2 or 3 patches and then Project Reality which itself takes ages plus making sure punkbuster works and everything else since the master server that replaced Gamespy. Aside from BF2 not being commercially available anymore I feel as if the installation is the biggest thing hindering a lot of people from playing as well.

So having PR 1.3 in one (easy) installer could be an absolutely huge game changer."
"After typing this out, I realize it was pretty long. This is a rant. 

The whole online situation is an absolute mess.

So basically, a huge population on GTA V Online...doesn't want to play it online. I usually go into freeplay sessions and 90% of the room is just driving around aimlessly killing one another. They say that's what THEY want to do. 

It usually takes 6-10 minutes to find 3 other players for heist missions. Having 1-2 new people isn't uncommon either (those who've never done it)

The actual heist mission fills up almost instantly because it's a lot of easy money (most freeplay people who RDM say they wait for heist missions and ignore the rest). 

Doing anything else in the game is close to impossible. Missions are probably the third most popular thing (Freeplay&gt;Heist&gt;Missions). But I've had VERY large mixes of success. Sometimes we get a room instantly. Sometimes it takes 10+ minutes. Anything else in the game is severely underplayed. There is also racing, but the minute you join one the host starts it immediately. Why? Because it takes (for some god dam reason) like 40+ race wins to unlock all the car customization. Nobody wants to do that, so everyone just wants to farm races. It's really boring, ridiculous, and the amount required to unlock it has effectively killed racing. 

The thing that really pisses me off is that there is still a lot of hackers in the game. Every time I find a ~20 man freeplay mode, there's usually at least one person hacking. I try to report them as much as I can, but it's still very bad for an online game with this many microtransactions. I mean just today I was browsing a website and a guy posted that he was worried about being banned because some random hacker gave him 10 million. 

Then you have balance. Right now the biggest issue I have are Armored Kurumas. They're basically street racing cars that are armored to be borderline tanks. Explosives are the main thing that kills them. Small arms fire (anything other than sticky bombs or a rocketlauncher) is close to impossible to kill anyone in a Kuruma. Not only does this cause them to be EVERYWHERE in freeplay mode, but it kills Heist too. An example of this one setup heist mission I did took us like 10 minutes to do. We had to plan which angle to attack, clear areas, etc. Died a few times but we finally got it. Next time I did this heist mission we had someone with a Kuruma. Everyone got into the car, we plowed through the front gate. We killed all the guards, did the objective in about ~2 minutes? It was insane. Having that car makes EVERYTHING so much easier, so you see everyone with it. It's really disappointing considering that there's TONS and TONS of different vehicles.

My final part of this rant are vehicles and usage. I thought it would be so cool to have a attack helicopter, sailboat, and a Jet (not an attack jet, just a large jet) online. This stuff costed me like 4 million? Which is not easy to get. So I go buy these things hoping that others would come have fun instead of driving around the city in Kurunas. Nope.jpg. So far they're just sitting away gathering dust. The attack helicopter dies instant because everyone pulls out anti air rocket launchers. I can't use them in any missions. Same story with the jet and the sailboat. I really wish I could sell those back and I don't know, buy something else. 

Anyway.../rant. "
"I admit, I'm a little surprised to see GMG keys invalid. I expected G2A to end up with invalid keys, but GMG has been a legit etailer. "
"My only argument is not knowing when you'll get your reward is the key point of sacrifice.one sacrifices something for a chance at something else, if you knew the cost, it would just be a purchase."
"I always wonder why they include Wii Sports, but never something like that pinball game or Solitaire on Windows. They're games, and surely they've sold more PC/copies of Windows than Wiis?"
"Similar opinions to most on here. Game is amazing, huge, beautifully-written, etc., etc.. But oh my god is Gwent amazing. **Why is no one talking about Gwent?**

So many open world games feature dumb little minigames, and I'm the first person to never even consider touching them. Poker in Red Dead, all the dumb activities in GTAIV, etc,. I become infuriated when they force you to play activities in order to proceed in the main story. Gwent though? I want to collect all the cards, and destroy every player in the world. I'd pay $20 for a standalone Gwent release.

(Small complaint, the game hard-crashed on me twice thus far on PS4, and both times were while hitting the 'pass' button during a game of Gwent. Sadface.)"
"Wii Sports wasn't packaged with all Wii consoles &amp; it's not packaged anymore. Plus those games on Windows couldn't be bought separately, that's likely the reason. "
"95%? I think you're probably making an erroneous assumption that everyone who is not complaining about the performance is playing on console and only those that mention PC are playing on PC, which is something that would obviously come up when talking about performance. I just made a comment praising the game without so much as mentioning the platform I'm on, which is PC."
"I had that problem at first too, but whichever key you use to open a tab, use that key to exit.

E.g. 'M' for map, 'M' to close."
"No kidding. But I have got to say, the amazing looking faces *really* make some of the lesser quality assets stand out. Like [this](http://puu.sh/hSGKE/591194612a.jpg) picture for example. Amazing face, but that wall behind her could be from a 10 year old game, or more."
"God, I've gotta agree with you on the Armored Kuruma. It literally takes away any fun working as a team on anything when you can pull up in that thing and just blast everyone away, taking only scraps of damage. 

For me, it's really the end game and the fact that I feel like I'm working towards nothing. Sure all these online titles are meaningless as long as you're having fun, but I don't feel like I'm achieving anything within the online mode. It's just car parts and money to buy those car parts. I don't kill other people because I don't want to get a bad rating in the game, I don't play large races because they're buggy and laggy, I don't want to do the stunt jump or bridge unlocks because I don't care about putting in all that effort to unlock a certain color tire smoke. I can't run heists because I'm very casual and rarely do I have three other friends online. Running PUG's on heists are also utterly useless, because when one person bails on the mission, the entire thing ends and that happens **all the time**. 

When you find yourself just mission grinding and racing the prison circuit to unlock car mods, you have to sit back and wonder what you're actually playing the Online for."
"GMG is typically very reliable, but I'm not that surprised given their recent PR battle with CDPR over the legitimacy of where GMG got their Witcher 3 keys."
""" NVidia are not ""sponsors"" of the project. The company has not received, and would not expect, financial assistance from third party hardware companies."""
"Yeah. I mean I can understand how people feel that way about the Kurunas. I honestly feel like the money offered in heist isn't nearly enough when comparing money made/time spent of some of the missions I've played. So it just speeds them up and makes them much easier and makes grinding less bad?

But yeah, I don't know what to work towards anymore. I've got my houses, but they're useless. Especially since everyone in freeplay sits in Los Santos. Boats and Aircraft are useless, unless you're flying a jet (they're much harder to shoot down in the RDMplay). 

I mean it seems like the ""main"" objective of Online mode is to get items to kill others in Freeplay. So I'm not surprised the RDM mess is the way that it is. 

That being said, I really wish they'd explore more options with Online. As it stands right now, its really only fun when you're playing with friends. 

It's like they tried to create a MMO style of play, but half assed in in terms of giving players something meaningful to do.
"
"The mods at /r/gamedeals carefully vet and root out grey market sellers, GMG was a welcome presence there for a long time up until this Witcher debacle started and they were banned from the sub."
Agreed. My only complaint is that you sometimes have to reposition Geralt to interact with objects around him even if they are within reach. It can be quite fiddly but I might get used to it.
"GMG got some of their Witcher 3 keys from less than official sources, it's how they were able to offer a good deal apparently. There was a bit of a kerfuffle about it a few eeks ago I think when CDP called them out on it."
"I feel like I'm gone back in time to the days of CS 1.6.  Bloody hell, when was the last time that a PC game came out where you had to reconfigure your keyboard bindings in a config file?"
"&gt; "" NVidia are not ""sponsors"" of the project. The company has not received, and would not expect, financial assistance from third party hardware companies.""

I think the point /u/Paladia is bringing up is that a ""sponsor"" giving ""assistance"" to a project is very different from receiving funds, software, or engineering time in exchange for making certain decisions."
"Yeah. Honestly, I think the developers need to realize which community will play GTA V online and how to design content around them. APB didn't quite seem to get it right and GTA V online hasn't either. GTAV Online seemed to try to address the ""RP"" crowd. The crowd that would want to drive around San Andreas, go to different towns, actually smoke ""bongs"" and do apartment stuff, do different activities, and all that jazz. However the community that plays GTAV Online just doesn't seem interested in that kind of stuff. So it seems like they just designed the content in general around the wrong group. "
I seem to recall Red Dead Redemption having something similar. The horse would sort of guide itself along a road by default if you weren't manually steering it.
"Why not explain how they ""cheated"" you off your $100 instead of just saying that and leaving it? Their CS has been very responsive to me regarding refunds as i have got one myself before."
I keep getting caught on stuff in narrower areas though due to the jump between not moving and moving swiftly.
"We're all fans of gaming. Fuck the people who claim their perferred platform are superior. I frequent several different gaming subs and all of their ""we're the best"" groups are god damn morons. You all play games, just fucking play 'em. There's no best. I'll frequent /r/consoles just like I do all the others but we should all be able to sub to the same subreddit and not fight over which is the ""best"". "
"No, you don't have many options. [GOG claims it's the only provider of GOG games](https://twitter.com/GOGcom/status/599546190942838785). GMG wanted to work out a Witcher 3 deal with CDPR but they refused because CDP are now pushing their own store/platform (GOG). So if you're going to boycott GMG over this, you should boycott anyone selling GOG keys because they're not authorized by GOG, according to GOG. This includes stores like Humble Bundle.

There's probably more to this story, but that's all we know for now.

EDIT: nevermind that, here's the [follow-up](http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/36gi0k/some_of_the_witcher_3_keys_sold_by_gmg_are/crdwjui)."
"Would be nice to see sacrifice rooms have a more meaningful gameplay impact, but the main things I want to see in afterbirth are more items (of course), more transformations (Guppy is too common, Lord of the Flies is barely relevant), bigger golden chest item pool, and more incentives for angel rooms and Dark Room over the Chest. 

I'm sure I'll be happy almost no matter what happens, I've already put over 300 hours into Rebirth as well as watching more than that in Let's Plays. It's the only game I've preordered (or even bought on release) in the last five years and it absolutely lived up to my expectations. The only thing I don't like (other than the tedious design of The Lost, which I've ignored0 is that it's taken up so much time that my backlog has been almost completely ignored! "
"At least that is what CDPR claims. GMG stated they got their keys from one of the official storefronts for Witcher 3, rather than from CDPR directly.

As for how they can sell them so cheap, GMG regularly forfeits the majority of their markup to offer better prices than other storefronts."
[Yep](http://np.reddit.com/r/GameDealsMeta/comments/35fxc9/status_of_greenmangaming_in_rgamedeals_following/)
"&gt; GMG didn't do anything though.

GMG is selling The Witcher 3. CDPR says it *did not provide* the keys GMG is selling. Best case scenario GMG is being honest about buying the keys from official sellers themselves, but that still makes them an unauthorized reseller in violation of the subreddit's rules. I like GMG, but I also respect the /r/gamedeals mods' dedication to protecting its users. The fact that some of the keys aren't working just makes the ban look even more justified."
"Seriously, Yen might be the hottest game character I've ever seen. Hell, Geralt might even be the hottest."
Steam is 100% an authorized seller. That tweet is poorly worded. CDPR didn't sell directly to anyone but Valve though.
"TL; DR Tom Francis didn't realise how long his game was going to take to make. Things started taking longer than expected, so he revised his estimate of how long the game would take to make. He has also massively expanded the scope of the game."
"My biggest pro in this game is the seeming lack of quest bloat. A lot of RPGS these days just load on quests like they are going out of style (I am looking at you Dragon Age), but Witcher hands them out at a solidly calm pace, with real weight behind each one. Each quest I have encountered so far (In my 9 hours of play) has been actually enjoyable and able to hold my attention. Quality over Quantity, something I worried RED would toss out with the transition to an open world format.

Con, Some floaty controls, Geralt seems to be tough to control at times, I find myself transitioning to walking speed to avoid this in town settings, where the controls seem most precise. Also helps amp up the atmosphere. Playing with a Mouse and Keyboard, not sure if this is also a thing with the gamepad (Haven't tried it)

But, thus far, this game is everything I have been hoping it would be, as a huge fan of The Witcher series, I am very happy with it.

"
"How old are you?

A general census I've noticed most teenagers-young adults find the dialogue normal, while aged people find it cringy. Some class mates of mine say the dialogue reflects our school really well, and I'd agree. 


If you can't get over the dialogue there's a great story willing to be told. It's definitely not eveyones cup of tea, but I think ep 3 outshines all the other episodes by a long shot

"
"No, the game is genuinely poorly optimized.  People on high end and max tier PCs are having loads of issues with performance."
"&gt;Grinding out an advantage is seldom an option. This is a game where you make money to spend money and frequently find yourself with empty pockets, making do with what you can lay your hands on. You live like an adventurer, in other words, rather than a homicidal magic millionaire, as you do in so many other RPGs.


This. This has always been something I like about the Witcher games. Even the first two had a sense of feeling like an adventure just scrapping by, though the fact that it had a more linear sense I felt didn't help too much. Now that its much more open I feel it makes much more sense and is probably much more rewarding roleplaying wise.

&gt;and that will probably be rarer still once Hideo Kojima and Konami part ways later this year

I'm not the only one who hasn't forgotten about the new Zelda game? I'm still hopeful it shall give its own fresh take on openworld, as MGSV will and as The Witcher 3 has shown. 

I seriously hope this trend of trying to breath some originality and taking risks with devs doing their own thing with open world games don't stop."
"About the smoothness of running, I'm willing to bet it's because CDPR has mostly done PC releases before this. On a keyboard we just have wasd, and then games usually have a sprint on shift or ctrl. I'm willing to bet that's why you ""feel"" those 3 modes more when using a stick. "
"&gt; You can't just simply blame ""bad drivers""

When the AMD Win10 drivers result in a 20-50% performance improvement then, yes, you most definitely can blame it on bad drivers."
"&gt; Shouldn't you feel cheated by PayPal since it looks more like a fuckup on the site if it said ""You'll be able to see your order details before you pay"" and then didn't?

This is an issue with GMG's implementation of the PayPal Express Checkout API. GMG are meant to display the order details page before sending the ""take money"" signal to PayPal, but they are skipping that step and going straight to the ""take money"" signal."
"GOG is under no obligation to sell keys to everyone or anyone.  
GOG had a bunch of authorized resellers and GMG is the only one crying foul.  
GMG being unable to strike a deal with GOG does not allow them to freely obtain keys regardless from whatever source they did. 

Humble bundle was an authorized reseller AFAIK. "
"I'll quote myself: 

&gt; **The developers themselves specifically warned you as well.** 

If ignorning that is not naive, I don't know anymore."
"I'm really new to the Witcher lore but I've been reading through the first book and, without spoiling anything, they mention the sun shines differently and the wind blows differently since the cultivation of earth by men, so maybe farther on its explained that there's such harsh wind and storms etc. just speculation though"
"You can still buy it on steam.
Edit: oops, you can not. Its still there but there is no buying button."
"I understand that. But GOG now claims they didn't authorize *anyone* to sell GOG keys. Which would mean any other store selling these keys is as guilty as GMG.

I suppose their tweet *could* be directed at retailers rather than customers."
"&gt; It's not without missteps. For one thing, this is an unapologetically hyper-masculine power fantasy, set in a feudal world that is sometimes gruesomely misogynistic. 

Stop with this bullshit already. The character and attributes of Geralt are a given as well as the character of the whole world. It is racist, sexist, backwards, opportunist and cruel on purpose. That's not a misstep, it's a part of the whole world."
"What is Project Reality exactly? From what I could find it's some sort of mod for Battlefield 2 to make the combat more realistic.

How does Project Reality compare to ArmA for instance?"
And they are correct. It's CDPR that authorized resellers. Those are separate entities. I made a mistake in my comment because both are under umbrella of CD Projekt. To correct myself: GOG did not authorize anyone to resell their games. CDPR authorized a bunch of stores to sell W3 keys which happen to be redeemable on GOG. 
"But you will always get a payout if you go down to half a heart, the only time I play is when I do that, I just don't see a point gambling on it because often the pay outs just aren't worth it"
"It's a lot less slow and clunky than ArmA - the advantages of being built on a game designed for fairly fluid gunplay. Lag is minimal in comparison (I'm not sure I've ever played an ArmA game without perceptible desync) and the VOIP system actually works properly.

Time-to-kill is lower but so is accuracy, meaning that firefights last much longer. Squads of 8 working together are standard and use of microphones is high.There's usually a decent level of inter-squad teamwork (calling transport choppers for pickup, airstrikes, marking targets for others, etc.).

Honestly, the level of teamplay you'll find in even a regular public game of PR is a world away from that I've experienced in any other game. The glory days of the mod are arguably behind it, but it's still a fairly incomparable experience. "
"I think the rest of that paragraph is very fair though:

&gt;And yet: The Witcher 3 doesn't dehumanise, neuter or ignore women the way so many games do. This is because it doesn't dehumanise anyone the way so many games do. The storylines that tackle oppression do so with empathy rather than righteousness. Even its adolescent sauciness has a kind of honesty: this is a video game in which sex is messy and fun and, well, sexy, as opposed to the calculating negotiation it is in BioWare's games (or the pervy sideshow it is everywhere else)."
"Project Reality is a mod that is somewhere between Battlefield and Arma in terms of realism. The main focus is teamwork. Pretty much anyone who plays it uses a microphone, and cooperating with other squads and using combined arms is important to have any chance at winning.

It also focuses heavily on emergent gameplay, where game mechanics allow players to dynamically shape the battlefield. This is most evident in the spawning system. You only have one fixed spawn, and that is your main base. Beyond that, you have to build FOBs for your team to spawn on, which requires supplies and physical construction. FOBs are vital to continuing your offensive, and losing them is extremely crippling.

There's also player placed mortars for support artillery, and a host of non-combat roles that spring up organically from gameplay, like logistics and transportation.

And all of this takes place on public servers. That is the most impressive part. The game mechanics and the community simply doesn't reward lone wolves and non-coperative gameplay, and as such, people tend not to engage in it."
"In ARMA to get proper squad based gameplay, you have to join a clan and play on organised days.

In PR, you can hop in on a public server and it's almost guaranteed that there will be a large amount of teamwork. Really enjoyable and there's really nothing else like it."
"Here are some things you can do/expect from Project Reality:

- Squads (up to 8 players per squad) who use VOIP, communicate with other squads and the commander

- Base building - a squad can set up an outpost with some basic sandbags and small bunkers.

- Epic and very very long gunfights

- Squads sneaking behind enemy lines, hiding in bushes, holding fire to not get noticed

- Great sound and atmosphere

- Huge maps

- Squad members have different roles. There is a breacher, for example, who can throw ropes so the squad can climb over walls/buildings/rocks. 

- 100 man servers

- Tons of people screaming ""allahu akbar"" on the Taliban side

Edit: Also check out /r/ProjectReality !"
"Oh yeah totally. But I think wed be foolish to think that the sacrifice room is anything but the worst ""gamble"" room, Curse and Arcades are usually well worth visiting over the Sacrifice"
"I can't believe I just listened to a nearly 2 hour interview that literally did not address or explain one damn thing and was nothing but damage control and a huge jerking off session about how great, innovative, and ""all about the gamers"" Nvidia is. Based on your comment I was expecting them to actually put in a decent argument themselves like Huddy did in the AMD interview and was completely prepared to hear Huddy be proven wrong or misleading in some ways, but after watching the Nvidia interview all it did was seem to confirm the claims made in the AMD interview.

The ""No, there are no contracts preventing developers from having the competition optimize for their graphics cards."" is a complete deflection of the issue and doesn't address what the actual problems are."
"That was followed up on /r/gamedealsmeta, and [it turns out](http://www.reddit.com/r/GameDealsMeta/comments/365t32/gog_twitter_gogcom_is_the_only_legitimate_source/crb52p7) there are a number of authorised sellers - including Humble.

It was a terribly misleading Tweet. Combined with their gross price mark-up on Steam in Australia (more than $20 higher than *local retail*), it feels like there's a quite aggressive campaign to push people to GOG. "
"Hold on, before we start gathering pitchforks.

This has happened before with GMG with many big releases. They always end up fixing the issue though, and it's always a tiny portion of the customers that are affected."
"Why even start the paragraph with mentioning ""hyper-masculine misogynistic"" then? To have your cake and eat it too? To mention the necessary keywords du jour for the offended and than to refute them immediately for the others?"
"&gt; . But there seems to be a disconnect between walking and running in this game. Tilt the analog stick little by little, and Geralt will walk slow at first, then speed up. However, once he reaches a certain walking speed, there is a significant amount of tilt with no change of pace at all, before Geralt immediately goes into a full run. It felt weird at first; no matter how much I tilted the stick, Geralt would walk at that same pace. There's no fast walk or slow run; once you tilt the stick to a certain degree, he goes into a full run right off the bat.


As ridiculous as this will sounds, and its going to be a downvote magnet, but you can thank the PC and WASD controls for that. Lack of analogue options on the Keyboard have made this constraint occur.

For once, it's PC holding console (controls) back.

It's definitely going to feel jarring compared to Bloodborne's smooth movement.
"
"&gt; Yes, 1.3 will be standalone. You will not need BF2 anymore to install PR:BF2. You just grab prbf2_1.3.0.0_full.iso, install it, and you're good to go with nothing more to do.

&gt;Those on 1.2.1 should be able to patch to 1.3, in which case your BF2 files may be modified slightly, but it shouldn't cause any issues with other mods such as ReviveBF2 and FH2. That said though, if you do play other mods, you should probably grab the full install and install PR:BF2 to a separate directory to avoid any future possible conflict.

&gt;Those who just play PR:BF2 may as well grab the full installer as well, uninstall BF2 and PR:BF2 1.2, and start fresh with 1.3. Will save you a few GB's of hard drive space. But yeah, the patch should be there, providing it works (still gotta test it, there might not be one if it breaks things, we'll see)

&gt;Legalities aside, it's about the only thing we can do to keep PR:BF2 alive at this time. We're not as ready as EA/DICE were to let our game die and all our hard work go to waste. And like others have said in the thread, abandonware, etc, I don't think EA will care too much. Of course, if they actually do care, their legal team is more than welcome to send us a cease and desist order, and we'll simply revert back to the way things are at the moment. Naturally, that'd do wonders for their public image.

&gt;But anyway, it's not like we've ever followed the EULA. Ever since we included the BF2:SF content in PR (when was that, 0.6?), we've been breaking the EULA. Add to that the 100p servers, the new master server, things like PRMumble, BUIS, and a whole bunch of other stuff... The list of things we've ""illegally"" done is actually rather large. I'm still yet to ever receive a single message from EA or DICE, so, well, shrug...

&gt;So to those looking to buy BF2, and you can wait and don't want to play other mods, you should probably hold off until we release 1.3. To the inevitable question of when 1.3 will be released, when it's ready. 

Quote from AncientMan, the lead DEV 
"
"I like that this video shows the Chargers using their weapon to make a straight path they can then follow.

I like that this video shows a Splatter Jr clearing multpile paths of enemy approach by painting in an arc and forcing them out instead of little lines outwards from where they were standing.

I like that they considered the map's verticallity at all while fighting, as in, people aren't all clustered on the bottom part.

Or even just fucking jump while squidding.

There's plenty of stuff with this game that's supposedly obvious, but from what I had seen people do during the testfires, all those concepts seemingly just went completely over their heads, hence propagating the notion that W+M1 rollers was the way to go. In particular, the fact that people complained squids were fully invisible in their ink and thus could jump on you by surprise is what got me the most: You CAN pain every single inch of enemy colored surfaces, and then you can do the same they did on your paint, and on top of it, maneuvering around recharges your weapons and is encouraged so what's the problem? Cut off their paths and make one for your own when joining a fight.

This 3 minute video looks way more enjoyable and makes the game look like it has way less issues than any of all the ""first impressions"" I've seen so far have made it out to be."
"Red Dead Redemption had this, and also holding 'A' would also match the pace of the person you were following, which no one else has done for non-horse movement as well."
"The Galaxy Client is NOT necessary to play the games. It is completely optional. You can still download the installer manually and start the game without any additional software.

But yes, it was announced they would release the patch for everyone so you don't need an gog account with the witcher 3."
"This isn't a defence of GMG at all but it is worth noting that unlike Steam, GOG keys do actually expire and turn invalid after a set period of time. Given that GMG were selling GOG preorder keys, its entirely possible that the invalid ones are preorder keys that have gone past their redeem date.

Given GOG' twitter claim recently that there are no official GOG resellers of keys on the witcher 3, this may be a preorder thing in general? I wonder if this is the same for anyone who preordered but didn't redeem from humble since they too gave out got keys on their storefront?"
I'm fairly certain Bluedrake is disliked by the majority of the PR and Squad community but tolerated because of the players he brings in. 
"The game's release was rushed so some content was excluded such as some extra dialogue, another planet, etc...

FYI I played it when it first came out and thought it was fantastic, the extra-content mod is def not necessary to enjoy it."
"Retail doesn't work like that. Distributing and keeping stock costs money. Publishers don't simply ship millions of copies and then pray that some of them might actually sell. They distribute according to demand, to minimize the cost. Maintaining 25 millions unsold stock would financially destroy a publisher."
"Just to be fair - last night I tried redeeming my code from amazon for purchasing a GTX 970 only to find out it was invalid. However, Amazon's support was insanely good and I'm currently installing the game already. Part of the problem was definitely that I waited until last night to redeem it - I received the code on May 5th, but the game didn't come out til today, so I never touched it. "
"Communication. The single most important part of this game. Especially when running a tank squad, it's incredibly important to know where to position yourself. And the best way to do that is by communicating with the infantry squads and the commander. 90% of the loses in this game are based on bad communication/teamwork.

And the role playing - everyone seems to enjoy RPing their faction. It's all in good fun. I've had some hilarious rounds on a French team."
"Huuuge and open maps, chain of command, building bases and assets, special spawn system, amazing VoIP, multiple different classes and gadgets, all sorts of vehicles, many factions, 3 times as much players, long range firefights. No. Not like Insurgency at all. Unless you'd call Battlefield a CoD on steroids, then I guess... yes."
"They are going to give a new keys for those who have received an invalid one, but as they got their keys via an unofficial way , this is a total loss for them, they can't tell CDPR ""hey, you gave us invalid keys, we need a bunch of new ones to replace them"", they have to absorb the price of every invalid keys, with no possibilities to complain to the dev/publisher/distributor. Hopefully that will teach them that they should not use G2A&amp;co techniques, or they'll enter in the shady reseller category as well."
"I'm convinced this will be Mafia 3. It's been long enough and there's been lots of unconfirmed rumours, but still there's been interest in the game. Also it's Microsoft's GwG for this month so they might have wanted to spark even more interest before the reveal. "
"Yeah, despite there being a lot of politics at play there, this is GMG's mistake and a risk they accepted when they decided to make that play. Thanfully, part of GMG being respectable means they *will* eat that cost."
"I don't see how you can pinpoint it to being PCs holding consoles back. 

Lots of games still have incremental moving speeds/control using analogue controls which were sacrificed if the player uses mouse and keyboards. Also, lots of pc gamers have gamepads that can take advantage of it. In fact, lots of people feel that gamepad is the way to go for third person rpgs.

CDPR not implementing something doesn't mean that PCs are holding them back. They can implement it, and lots of PC gamers will benefit from it. It would probably be not a lot of work compared to the whole game to implement such a system.They probably didn't feel that it's that important and just didn't do it."
"I don't mind role playing, but I read feel like enough of an idiot using voip, let along screaming about LE BAGUETTES FOR ZE MOTHERLAND. Especially when I don't live alone and have neighbours. "
"Really? I thought the gameplay in Bioshock 2 was the best gameplay of any of the Bioshock franchise.

I'm not all that hung up on story, obviously, but Bioshock 2 is really underrated."
"I am not a fan of the game but that is just incredible. 

I can't even begin to think how much GTA 6 will sell when it comes out. "
"I disagree, I think they're actually quite similar in terms of the actual combat experience. 

Insurgency is like a heavily streamlined, combat focused version of Project Reality, but the two games actually remind me quite a bit of each other when you get down to the fundamentals."
Keep an eye on [Squad](http://joinsquad.com/). It's Project Reality's sequel in everything but name. it's even being made by most of the same people who made PR.
"I found Connor's story to be extremely lackluster, especially during the finale and when the entire point of his journey has been revealed. Desmonds story is far more interesting and could surely have been expanded upon. But even that falls apart before the credits roll. It's a shame, really, as I enjoyed all the previous games (except for ACs repetitiveness).    
And I don't think that the later games have done anything to reduce the amout of unnecessary distractions. Haven't played anything past Black Flag, however. But it was a huge improvement over the third game and actually offered an interesting story. Sailing could get a bit tiresome later on, but it was at least a nice change of pace. Sure, AC3 introduced it first, but most of it had nothing to do with the main story. And it was quite rough around the edges. "
"If anyone is even *thinking* about trying PR for the first time, I implore you to give it a shot. **It is, without a doubt, the best multiplayer shooter experience I've ever had.** 

Yes, there are bad rounds where you drudge around the map for 20 minutes without seeing anyone then suddenly get mowed down by distance machine gun fire. There are maps where you get continually reamed as an insurgent from pinpoint accurate tank fire from over half a kilometer away. It's not for the faint-hearted.

But there's always one round or one moment that hooks you. I can't describe how amazing it feels to utilize laser designating binoculars to give a distant apache the mark they need to absolutely annihilate the tank that's been terrorizing your squad for the last 15 minutes, or hop into a huey with an ace pilot (seriously it's the exact opposite of BF4; these guys just sit in their helicopters waiting for infantry who need a ride, I've never seen a pilot ditch or leave an asset in the field) who pilots you *beneath the rooftops* of the densely packed Muttrah city, turning down street corners only to gently place you on top of a rooftop overlooking a key intersection. I've never seen better teamwork among pub players in any game since. 

It truly is a benchmark of teamwork oriented multiplayer gaming, and by trying it I hope more people will come to expect the same level of rich, cooperative gameplay in future titles. "
"That's not what poorly optimized means.  Have you considered that maybe the game allows for graphics checks that modern hardware can't cash?  Poorly optimized means their algorithm can be run in fewer steps, mathematically.  This game is likely just demanding."
"I think the player base and focus is quite different, even if they share some mechanics and ideas.

Project Reality is pretty much the only game where I've jumped on a server and had some real teamwork and planning. Dedicated transport guy, squad leader calling positions, calls for air support and so on, with completely random group of people. 90% of the time nothing was happening, which built up anticipation and made the encounters feel far more meaningful.

Insurgency felt like it has nifty mechanics to aid realism and immersion, but the actual gameplay was just kinda BF/COD style arcade shooting. Maybe people were a bit more careful than usual, but I didn't experience any real teamwork or communication outside a couple guys whining in VOIP for losing rounds.

Maybe I just had bad luck with players and maps, but from what I gather the game is so intense it doesn't go well with careful planning of action (PR/ARMA), nor simple and competitive enough to support CS-style quick communication with common map callsigns and eco/force/smoke/fake/rotate strats."
"You can skip the intro movies when you start the game. No config file.  No hassle.  Amazing. 

All other game companies take notice"
The best part for me so far is that all the side quests are actually interesting. I WANT to investigate the tracks because I know it will lead me to the murderer. I WANT to do the fetch quest because its integral to my preparation to defeat the griffon plaguing the town.
"I was the same as you. I enjoyed Creed 1 &amp; 2 quite a bit a played through them both, skipped brotherhood however, but when 3 came along I picked it up. 

It just didn't feel the same, I'm not sure how to describe it. It felt like a chore to play. I'm not sure how far I got into the game but aside from a few later attempts to restart the game I have not progressed any further. New Creed games just don't interest me anymore and I think a lot of people feel the same way now."
"That's not fair. That's an excuse for a part of the game that isn't done all that well. 

I'm not sure what exactly would make it feel better, but it feels weightless at the moment. "
"Nowadays, it usually takes between 45-90 minutes per round. It depends on the map, the aggressiveness of the teams, the organization of the teams, how well they're balanced, and so on. It averages out to 1 hour per round."
"No, I wouldn't.

It would just be a wall of text of me bitching about the game.

I have never, ever been as let down by a game as I was with AC3. I'm still fucking mad about it.

It's the last game I've ever preordered and the last Assassin's Creed I've played. It remains the only game I've ever returned the next day.

Fuck Assassin's Creed 3. "
"PR utilizes a heavily modified version of Mumble. It somehow, through dark magic, knows what server, team, and squad you're in when you're playing PR and puts you in the same channel as your squad mates. 

It's definitely the best comm solution I've seen in any game. "
"So, I used to play a lot of Caesar III, Pharaoh, and Zeus and haven't found a game that really captured that same feel. The idea of watching the city grow, meeting the needs of the people etc. The Sim City debacle left a sour taste in my mouth.

Forgive my ignorance; I've only read bits and pieces of this game. Does Cities provide that same kind of experience? I'm very interested in getting back into this genre."
"Yes and no. Cities: Skylines is not equally focused on resource gathering and specific needs. It's much more about the overall simulation of your city, traffic planning, management and looking at the big picture.

Ever tried **Banished?** From the games you describe that sounds like it'd be a perfect fit for you :)

(Although I am pretty sure you'll like Skylines too, on its own merits)"
"I swear CDPR heard everyone complaining about no Pazak in SWTOR and thought ""Okay! We can do a CCG in our game!""

And hey, anything is better than the WAY too easy arm wrestling and fight club from 2, and removes the total randomness that was dice. "
"Cities is more similar to Sim City than Caeser 3, Pharah and Zeus as it is about building a city than managing resources.

Have you tried Anno 2070?"
"I bought Cities: Skylines Day 1. I really like the game and it is the closest thing to Sim City 4. My only complaint is that the game and the community emphasize the traffic planning part the most.

The building part of a city felt a bit unchallenging as well, which is a bit of a shame."
"I forgot about that game. Thanks for the suggestion! I heard that it was incredibly unforgiving and tedious though. Granted, this was when it was first released so things very well could have changed by now.

Maybe I'm clouded by nostalgia but Caesar, Zeus etc. didn't feel tedious (or maybe complicated is what I'm trying to say) to me. You could just pick the game up and role with it. I like that. I'm interested in Cities, I'm just worried that it'll take too much time to learn and I'll lose interest. Is it complicated to get into if you haven't played this genre in a while?"
"This is why people love you so much Moo :p Most phony (channeling my inner Caulfield) community managers would be like ""YEAH, OUR GAME IS TOTALLY LIKE THIS."" Instead you suggest another game. You're a good man Mooley Brown. "
"I have yet to play AC:Black Flag, but AC:Unity completely abolished most of these side quests. I guess the backlash must have been taken to heart, because all the sidequests and activities had been removed; you don't hire any Assassin Recruits (went back to the original 'random citizens that fight for you as you run by'), no Tower Defense missions, and the economy system in Unity was simplified to be more real estate-based, less trading-based.

While there are a couple of new side activities in Unity that are actually quite good (Murder Mysteries are the shit and were a fantastic idea), most of the features from AC3 were removed, and I doubt they're making a comeback...but we'll see what Syndicate presents in terms of sidequests. Wish they'd bring meaningful assassin recruitment/upgrading &amp; the Tombs of AC2. Some of those were very creative and well done

EDIT: To answer your question about whether they've brought it back to the series' charming roots...not yet, no. Like I mentioned above, they've removed alot of the less-appreciated side quests and added different ones, but there's still plenty of collect-a-thon's in Unity (I would estimate it taking ~25 hours just to collect the chests and tokens) which seem even more half-hearted than the boring sidequests in AC3. The story is an improvement over AC3, but it still lacks the grandeur of the over-arc in AC2...there's just no real weight to any of the Assassin Order's actions when it's strictly a Templar v. Assassin storyline. Even appearances by French figures (i.e. Napoleon) serve little purpose in the grand scheme of things. I for one really liked the whole Apple of Eden arc in the first 3 games because it gave the conflict against the Templars purpose. Unity's story just feels disconnected from history"
"It's pretty harsh the first playthrough but you'll get on top of it pretty fast. Try the Colonial Charter mod, it adds a LOT of gameplay and depth.

If you're the guide type of person I recommend checking out how to do hunter-gatherer hubs that supply themselves. It's a pretty failsafe way to start your game without dying the first few years from hunger and cold.

I do get you, though. Cleopatra is my prime example of a game that has both immense depth and is easy to access. So many great memories. I wish someone remade them!

Cities isn't that hard to get into if you play slowly. Although your best bet is to come by our subreddit (/r/citiesskylines) and talk to the players. I've spent too much time with this game to be a fair judge."
"As per usual in Skylines related threads, feel free to ask me any question and I'll do my best to be of service.

Also, super excited about this update! My european cities look so *fresh*."
"Nice the two thing I have been looking forward to are Helicopters (Medical, Police,...) and the other is Ireland being properly represented on the Union Jack.

At least one of those two things has been addressed:

•Ireland is properly represented on the Union Jack"
"I should clarify that lockstep mode is an alternative to the old predictive system (which has also seen major improvements in the beta so far) rather than a replacement, so players with high latency won't have to deal with 500ms input lag in the new system."
"I'm really enjoying the game, but reading this thread and seeing people try to rationalize the way too high default sensitivity setting as some sort of statement about Geralt's unnatural nature within the game world is too much for me.

This isn't Octodad for fuck's sake, it shouldn't intentionally have unwieldy controls. (Just putting it out there CDPR, I would play an Octodad expansion to the Witcher 3)

The default sensitivity should be 50-70% of what it is, and motion blur should be off by default."
"Yes, as it was in Sim City 4 and this game offers a lot more options to customize and deal with that fun challenge.


But the amount of emphasis on it and it being the only real challenge of the game is what I'm highlighting as my one complaint."
"Exactly, I'm loving this game but the amount that people will defend/rationalize/justify in this game is ridiculous. The movement is horrible. I think one thing that could help would be to allow Geralts movement to be more like GTAV. Take 1 or 2 slower, more controlled steps before taking off on a job."
"Catering for keyboard controls is not the same as PCs holding the game back. It's just the devs holding the game back by their design decisions.

The PC as a platform *can* handle incremental movement speeds. PC gamers can use either gamepads, joysticks, racing wheels to do this. Even a mouse+keyboard control scheme can do this as is evident in the early Splinter Cell games. It's just not implemented in this game because it's not integral in the game's design.

Witcher 3 and Bloodborne have entirely different focuses. One focuses more on story and the open world, and the other focuses much more on gameplay. To compare aspects of gameplay of Bloodborne with Witcher 3 and conclude that it's weaker because of PCs holding it back is unfair imo, when it's actually held back because the game is not entirely focused in the gameplay.

Edit: I went to the Witcher subreddit and saw some people saying that kb+m controls are bad, and playing the game by using the gamepad is easier. So they actually *didn't* cater to the kb+m control scheme either."
"As someone who has played PoE on and off since the original closed beta and clocked probably about a thousand hours total... 


THANK GOD.   The desync absolutely ruined the feel of the game, infuriated me when it caused deaths, and made it real hard for me to get friends to play (for real, it made the first  impression of the game look like garbage). 

This netcode change is part of a patch that is adding a whole extra act and tons of other content and systems to the game.   But honestly, I think this is more important than anything else. 

Thanks GGG for your continued, awesome support for your game.   Can't wait to play the new expansion!"
"I think it's a valid complaint, really. Building cities in SC 4 did feel less focused on traffic and gave a more balanced overall feel somehow. It's hard to pinpoint exactly what it is.

Then again, I'm comparing SC 4 many years into the game (with Rush Hour) to Cities: Skylines a few months after it has released. And there's a reason I still occasionally play Skylines now and I haven't touched SC 4 in over a year."
How is the performance of this game on newer OSX systems? I'd like to buy it but I don't want to waste 30€ if its unplayable. 
Mafia III please and thank you! I still haven't played an open world game that I loved as much as Mafia II (RDR is a close second) 
"controlling Geralt inside interiors and trying to loot anything is an exercise in frustration, they should really patch something up "
Depends on your hardware. If you paste the details here I'll be able to tell you how well it will run :)
"I agree.  I dunno if I played the older sim city games ""wrong"", because I was younger and didn't know what I was doing, but with Skylines I feel like the only issue, ever, has been traffic.  It's still a fun game, but it just feels more like a traffic manager than a city builder."
"Not really. They just make good games. So threads about their games are usually positive. Most times when there's a thread about Nintendo's practices -- online, marketing, copyright -- you will find plenty of people taking Nintendo to task. As a whole, this sub is pretty even handed towards Nintendo, but individual threads tend to skew."
"What level / density do my residential zones have to be in order for European buildings to start appearing?
"
"Traffic changes / redesign is a huge task and something we have chosen to be careful with - as all systems rely on it working properly. Please keep in mind our team is only 13 members, meaning we have to focus on one large project at a time to ensure we don't start bloating :)

Rest assured it's something we're working on improving, even if there is no ETA or public information about the what's and why's. "
In Sim City 4 there was an option to toggle between a few distinct building styles in your city every so many years. Do you think that particular flavor option will eventually come to C:S? 
"Which is strange, because my experience was the opposite: the bigger my city got the less traffic seemed to be a concern. Almost like the number of cars didn't scale right with the population of the city.

It was something I found to be a bit disappointing because the soul crushing traffic problems are part of the puzzle that I really enjoy. Felt too easy.

Still a fantastic game, though. I'm really looking forward to trying out this update."
"Perhaps. I'd personally love to see it, as I am a big fan of Singapore-esque cities where architecture and styles are mixed widely. Nothing we've spoken publicly about though :)"
"He's a really bad player, and he promotes it through his videos. Poor team work, awful communication, a lot of shouting. There's a video that he uploaded where he plays on Fallujah, and there's a chunk where he's just screaming like a fucking moron at some clueless players rather than trying to organise them. He's incredibly frustrating to watch, and even more frustrating to play with.

If you really like mature, organised teamwork then PR is for you. Bluedrake attracts the opposite; loud, obnoxious players that are better off playing the likes of CoD. I have nothing against CoD as a game, I just don't like the crowd it draws. PR for the most part is not like that, and you will rarely find very young players on it. That's a big part of why I and many others play it. "
"I actually found the homestead stuff to be the best part of the game. It was the only time where Connor felt like a real person, and showed some personality. It is also quite significant since it really represents Connor basically making his own tribe with this extremely diverse group of good people, trying to shape this new world, and make things right. 

The crafting and trading stuff is overly complicated, but once you figure it out, you can get all of the best weapons. The problem is that you can't really craft anything cool without doing all of the homestead missions.

If you just play these games to be an assassin, and don't want to get engrossed in the world, then I guess these things don't really mean much to you. I found them to be the most worthwhile parts of the game.

My biggest gripe with the game is that the story gets kind of silly about where you are in the game right now. Won't spoil anything, but you will start to realize that you are playing as an 18 year old in a world far more complicated than Connor can actually comprehend at this point in his life. And to me, that's lazy writing. I also have a theory about certain characters being changed last minute in the name of political correctness, but thats neither here nor there.

There are two cutscenes, one in New York, and one at Connor's old tribe that to me are very important that you have to find after the credits roll. Definitely do these. They really make the game better, and I think a lot of people missed them.

And yes, since you asked, Black Flag improved everything about AC3. "
"It means you can finally play *with* input lag. There was 0 input lag due to latency before, and the predictive method used to accomplish that was the cause of desync.

You may be confusing a low attack speed (and accompanying animations) with input lag."
"I'm unaware how many in this subreddit care about the NFL but:

**Please be Joe Montana 2K16.**

Madden needs to have someone breathing down its neck I feel. I get this suspicion that EA Sports, since monopolizing the genre, has taken the userbase for granted. Hopefully some healthy competition could make a better experience for people who love NFL games."
"Just want to chime in that people are saying that the unpolished experimental version in the beta right now already allows them to run straight through packs of rhoas. No getting lost, no rubber-banding, no desyncarino."
"Well you're being nicer to it that I can be. Apart from the Haytham section and plot twist, the rest of the game got progressively worse in my opinion, with Connor being the main offender and an utterly unlikable character that messed the entirety of the story up for me.

Everytime I had to go through a cutscene where he talked I ended up wanting to punch him myself. Which made the fact I had to play as him very aggravating towards the end...

That aside, like you said, the gameplay was so filled with useless gimmicks and poorly designed and executed exotic gameplays (Haytham bossfight among others) that getting through it became a chore pretty quickly. The present day gameplay wasn't great either but it was light enough that I didn't mind it.

Ultimately, this AC singlehandedly burned me out on the series, after the good surprise that Revelations was. Wasn't even able to enjoy AC4 which I'll acknowledge is miles better. Unity almost got me back into it with its AC2 feel and great city, but was ultimately a bugged mess of a game with, again, very questionable gameplay decisions. Cannot recommend AC3 unfortunately. Jumping over it for newcomers to the series is a good option imo."
"He yells very dramatically very often over voice comms and tries way too hard to be funny with dick jokes.
If you've ever seen Generation Kill he's pretty much Captain America, but with dick jokes. 
"
"Speaking of OS X, are you guys aware that the game doesn't work correctly on systems with scaled/Retina resolutions? I have a 4K display attached to my Mac with 2x scaling so the UI is readable, but due to this Cities: Skylines will only go up to 1080p, meaning I get really blocky graphics. Other games (I play World of Warcraft and other Blizzard games) see the native resolution of my display correctly and I can get some sweet 4K gaming."
"&gt;Also picking up loot is waaaay too position/orientation dependent. 

If you can even imagine it to be possible, it was even worse in TW2. Half of the lootable containers/corpses in that game I literally gave up on because they were so impossibly finnicky to interact with."
"I run a macbook pro 13"" with windows 7. I've heard mixed reviews about the performance because of the integrated Intel graphics."
"I love your interaction on Reddit so much that it might get me to buy the game, despite not having had an interest in ""building simulators"" since Sim City 2000 and one of the old Roller Coaster Tycoon games. It's wonderful to see such care for the community!"
"Ah, the integrated graphics are not supported (below minimum requirements). They work for some users but not up to par - so we do not recommend playing on a unit that has no dedicated GPU. Sorry!"
Thanks! This is honestly the least exciting update compared to what we have planned for the future ;)
"Well, don't let the Assassin's Creed logo steer you from Black Flag.  It's more of a pirate game than an Assassin's game.  Even Edward uses the Creed as more of a costume than a way of life.

Mechanically, the combat is the same, but the naval elements inject enough life into it to make the game worthwhile."
Can you guarantee my success of a Urban Design/City Planning MSc application from playing Cities: Skylines?
"Have you thought about adding something like a housing construction grant? I'm loving the game but whenever I get to around 20,000+ people  it slows down fantastically and I find its drags while I wait for new people to move in to expand.

Am I missing something, is there a way to attract people to your city faster? 

Thanks for your community involvement, its amazing."
The moment I fell in love with PR was on a map where I was trapped in a Mosque with my squad pinned down by enemy forces from every side. You could hear the clanks of the grappling hooks as enemies scaled the building and see the grenades coming through the windows. Ended up holding the building for almost 10 minutes before we were overrun. There are moments in PR that I have never experienced in any other game and doubt I will experience again.
"Metro still won't be able to leave ground? Like, will you be able to do a tunnel exit and make a bridge over river and then back to under ground?

&gt; Cruise ships no longer travel over land :’(

Was this really necessary? :'("
"I've always wondered if there could be a real desert type map for the game. Rolling dunes, sand storms, camels, occasional palm trees. How the temperature can spike in the day and become freezing at night. Maybe setting up the pumping stations on the oasis, connected to one lowly river? That'd be a challenge."
"Did they improve/add (1) freeway ramps, (2) merge lanes, and (3) intersection lane, light, and sign control? (or are there mods that do so without issue?)

I absolutely loved the game on release but I seemed to run into those (or, the lack of them) so often that I just stopped playing until it's further developed."
"I could never play this. Deep sea creatures are one of my biggest fears simply because they're both scary and 100% real. They're *real* monsters.

I hope it turns out well, though. It's a very original idea."
Lol. the 3rd one is one of my favs. Loved it. Guess things influence people differently. Glad I love Ac 3.
"I think this looks really good. At first I felt like the game might be too feel-good for me - just swimming around the beautiful blue ocean.

Then shit went deeper and I wasn't having any of that. The game looks like a good thriller and it's probably one I'd watch a friend play rather than play myself because I'm a scaredy cat. Best of luck to the devs!"
"Would you recommend I buy it now or wait for the summer sale?

Because by God I'm gonna play this game"
"This seems pretty cool.  I think I like the decision to give effects to the weapons too; it should hopefully provide more interesting decision points when you are trying to determine which weapon to use in a given situation.

Two of the classes appear to be ""Butler"" and ""Great Butler"" - is this some kind of translation error?  "
XP loss on death was reduced a while back. To lose two hours of progress on a single death would require you to be a pretty high level now.
"Nice sarcasm. Said that I wasn't going to get into it because it'd be a wall of text that's just comprised of bitching and whining.

Let's see if we can put it in a nutshell for you.

The gameplay. There were some okay things to this, but the environments didn't lend themselves well to the core experience of the game. Yeah, sure I can run along trees. But there isn't enough laid out to properly utilize them for the parkour aspects. Cities were too barren to properly use them either. I spent more time on the ground than I did doing Assassin things.

Some of the gameplay mechanics were okay, such as the rope darts, but everything else didn't particuarly add anything. 

The environments felt lifeless and boring, none of the interesting sights and the character that previous games held. Running through forests and a fledgling America wasn't interesting at all. The most I got to a real Assassin's Creed experience was the segment where you're running through a battlefield. That was cool.

The story. Easily the part that fucked me up the most. Character transitions aren't easy, especially when you spent the last three games on an interesting character with real progression. But even then. We go from an interesting character and a GREAT twist in the first few hours to WHERE IS CHARLES LEE. Connor is a character comprised of ONLY revenge. That's all he is. Its not good, especially coming off of Ezio. His quest for revenge felt more substantial. He actually had a character outside of that.

And the future storyline? What a fucking joke. Most of the interesting parts of the game happen during those segments, and then they drop the ball harder than I've ever seen. The entire ending was a kick in the teeth, and Ubisoft knows it. They've pretty much ignored it from what I've gathered. Went back to Templars vs Assassins. 

There was no sense of advancement a sequel needed. It felt like a hundred steps back. I honestly felt betrayed by a franchise that I fucking loved. Assassin's Creed 2 is easily one of my most favorite games of all time! I was super, super excited for it and it let me down. Hard.

See? Told you it would be a wall of text. You probably won't read it, but are you happy now?

tl;dr Fuck Assassin's Creed 3."
"A lot of interesting info in this post for Fire Emblem fans. I was really worried about removing weapon usage and it would make the game a little too easy. 'Why not just use Silver/Killer weapons for everyone?' Seems they solved that issue though. I really like the idea that all the weapons are going to have special effects instead of just a select few. For those at work or maybe not able to see:

* Bronze Sword: can’t use special attacks (critical hits) but adds +10 to evasion from special attacks.
* Iron Sword: no lowered abilities.
* Steel Sword: evasion –5, follow-up attack chance –3.
* Silver Sword: critical evasion –5, power and skill goes down by –2 for the next turn.
* Brave Sword: attacks twice, but –4 on defense and magic defense.

Also another weapon triangle to keep track off will be interesting too. The usual sword &gt; axe &gt; lance triangle is still in but they added to it so now its:

sword and magic &gt; axe and bow &gt; lance and hidden weapon

As I said, I was really worried they were going to make the game too casual after the success Awakening brought them but these changes are really solid in my opinion. I'm back to being excited.

Edit: Hidden weapons seem to be weapons used by things like Thieves and Ninjas so think daggers and such."
"I love the game, but I feel like it misses some Randomness that the player needs to handle. I don't talk about Monsters or catastrophes. I'm thinking about, let's say, not ideal demands of the citizens that might be temporary and need to be achieved to gain an advantage. I'm not sure if this is understandable... xD"
"Depends on your economic situation. It's only $30 on steam, cheaper in many other places. Do what you think is responsible :)

*I can't confirm it actually being on the summer sale though.*"
"When The Awakening comes out of beta, I hope this feature is actively advertised. A huge amount of lapsed players point to desync as a major reason why they've stopped playing, and letting them know that it has been resolved is very important."
"I'm not /u/TotallyMoo, but I would recommend getting it now. If City Builders are your thing, then it'll be worth every cent"
"I hope this means they've rebalanced all the character stats, as opposed to being on par with Awakening's hilariously inflated stats. Almost all those weapon penalties would never even be noticed in the current system.

Especially if we take into account the even more broken support system buffing people's stats."
"See, here's the thing. I don't hate the franchise. I specifically hate 3. But it just drove me away from trying more. 

One day, I'll give them a shot. I'm cautiously looking at Syndicate. It looks OK so far."
"I adored Mafia 2, the story, the world, the characters. The gunplay was passable, the cars felt real and I actually respected it not having a true free roam mode, would a NG+ or free roam been appreciated? Yes, but I personally liked the way the story intertwined with those bits of freedom between missions."
"Hmm, it could be a good idea for a policy but honestly it's not an optimal solution.

Have you tried aggressively raising land value? If you hover over the tooltips after you've clicked a residence you can see what is needed to level up the building. This will prompt a population spurt and often trigger further needs.

Things you can do to solve this is: expand services &amp; coverage, build all types of schools, create parks, monuments and unique buildings, create nearby public transit, remove nearby noise/ground pollution etc. "
"If you don't like the futuristic setting, there's also Anno 1404. Practically the same mechanics, and with the unofficial patch it's a great game, much like 2070.

Also no DRM like in 2070. (always online or else you're locked out of certain features, mainly the arc storage.) "
"Unfortunately not, it's relatively intense with everything that's being rendered. You won't get above 10-15 fps with an integrated GPU even on minimum settings."
"&gt; Nice sarcasm.

I think the reason why /u/RushofBlood52 made the comment he did is because /r/games is intended to be a place for mature, insightful and well-thought-out discussion and commentary. Low-effort comments are explicitly forbidden as per the subreddit rules, and your comment literally amounted to ""I hate it, and I will not say why, but let me now proceed to be consumed by rage about how angry it made me."" That's not discussion. That's basically a non-comment, it does absolutely nothing to contribute to or ignite meaningful discussion, and it's exactly what's **not** supposed to be on /r/games.

For the record, I'm not a big fan of Assassin's Creed 3 (or any of the Assassin's Creed games), in fact, I find that none of the games in the series really appeal to me all that much for various reasons, but I can still understand why people would take issue with your comment."
"Is that 13 people developed the game or 13 people are left maintaining and making content? 

Every game needs a Moo like you."
"Me too, this might be my nightmare game. They're real, they're in their own element (as opposed to you), and they're horrible. I'm terrified of giant squids."
"Actually 9 people for most of the time, we scaled up the last few months. But yes, CO is only a team of 13. Add a few publishing people from Paradox and that's all of us."
"Understandable and agreed. Our #1 goal with future expansions is to add more gameplay, depth and functionality. Further challenging our players without bloating the game, so to say."
""" We have worked hard to cause as few conflicts as possible with popular mods, yet this is a substantial update and with the code &amp; functionality changes some issues have been impossible to avoid. Going forward we aim to find a solution where we can work with our core modders pre-launch to give them ample time to adjust their creations before the public have access.""

Can I just say how much I love this mentality? Especially with so many games these days going out of their way to prevent modding or allow very little modding, these guys really take the modding scene into consideration. Respect."
"&gt; I do get you, though. Cleopatra is my prime example of a game that has both immense depth and is easy to access. So many great memories. I wish someone remade them!

Just add ""TODO: Bother team about remaking Cleopatra in future expansion"" to your list. :P"
"Okay ... GalCiv3 out of EA, new C:Skylines patch, Witcher 3 since yesterday ... GTA:V still untouched, I need to finish my pillars playthrough sometime ...


WHEN THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO PLAY ALL THOSE AWESOME GAMES?! I really need to outsource more stuff to my wife ..."
"Thanks! Check my post history if you wish ;) This account is roughly a year older than my employment at Paradox and is used for a lot of non-work posting too. 

*(This is kind of off topic, though, so if you want to continue chatting feel free to send me a PM)*"
"I think the environment is beautiful, there is lots of foliage, shadows are cast realistically on grass and suchlike. I am also very impressed about how well optimized everything is.   "
"Would the implementation of a dedicated turning lane be a supportable solution?

I'm not a programmer by any stretch, but I've noticed a vast majority of my traffic grind is caused by cars waiting to turn across oncoming traffic."
"Nope. Hell nope. He said he wanted a game that isn't overly complicated, that he can just drop into and play for a couple hours without needing to consult a wiki. Dwarf Fortress is about as far from that as it's possible to get. "
I never said Insurgency was similar to PR. However if PR was more like CS it'd end up resembling Insurgency.
"&gt;Two of the classes appear to be ""Butler"" and ""Great Butler"" - is this some kind of translation error?

Nope, not an error.  In fact, it's actually using the English words for that (in Japanese script バトラー and グレートバトラー), and a third is 'maid' (メイド).  

Source: http://blog.esuteru.com/archives/8180853.html"
The lack of creative dungeons like the tombs from AC2 and Brotherhood is why I didn't enjoy Unity very much. I used to replay those all the time.
"&gt;There are moments in PR that I have never experienced in any other game and doubt I will experience again.
 
I agree. Very bittersweet. But I can't let that stop me from trying to. That sounds like an amazing round; every person I've introduced to the game had that *one round* where the switch flips and you go from being shit on to having the time of your life.

I'll share another story: my old roommate (a big console fan) never really liked the game until one round where we (China) holed up on near a road lying in ambush for a US truck. We had one AR, one stolen AR kit, and a .50 cal from the jeep we brought up. Two trucks drove up the road and as soon as they got pretty close the whole squad just emptied their magazines into the truck (both trucks had around 4-5 passengers). 

The sheer explosive noise that came from that volley had me rip my headphones off it was so loud. The first truck almost instantly blew up; the second veered off and the passengers jumped out to return fire only to be pretty quickly cut down.

PR can get really crappy from time to time, but every once in a while it's all worth it; moments like those I'll compare against every other gaming experience I will ever have. "
"I'll see if I can prompt a future dev diary or post on this, as the topic is a bit too wide to cover in this specific thread. Sorry, don't want to dodge your question. It's just a huge thing to discuss if one wants to cover all factors!"
"Why? The game has been doing well despite desync, now it's gonna receive a huge upgrade with new act and no more desync, I don't see the problem. It would have been great if they had managed to solve this problem 2 years ago but sometimes shit takes time. "
"&gt;  It's hard to pinpoint exactly what it is

I think one part of it is the ""agent-based"" nature of the city...sure, cars still spawn and despawn all over, but generally a person sets out from home or wherever and goes to the store or work, and a route is plotted and they take it by whatever way is shortest/quickest/etc., and all that is calculated *for that person* (agent). You can click on any of them and see where they're going and follow them as they're on their way.

SimCity 4, from what I remember, the traffic would fade in and out all over the place. You couldn't pick any random car on the road and follow it to where it was going. The game could just display traffic as a somewhat more abstract representation of overall speed, congestion, etc. based on the math of road capacity, number of citizens, etc. The Rush Hour expansion added quite a bit to this, including the ability to see individual routes, but the representation was still somewhat abstracted. If you only have to calculate usage vs. capacity and display a suitable animation, you can get away with a lot more than if you *actually* have to have *each car* navigate through merges, lane changes, avoiding other cars, and so on to reach its destination. Having this type of system and the necessary tradeoffs between taking AI shortcuts like predetermined merge points (which cause backups when a car stops because it HAS to merge NOW into a solid line of cars) and giving every car on the map a full Google self-driving car type of AI is, I think, what causes C:S traffic to be a little more difficult to work around than SC4 was."
"Presumably Steel Swords are still stronger than Bronze and Iron right? Seems like I'll probably just wind up defaulting to Steel for everything, with Brave for Mymidions or other hard to hit classes, and Bronze for the squishy dudes I'm trying to level up."
"Nothing planned, no. Or at least not publicly. 

I agree it could be nice with further depth. This is what we're speaking about when saying ""future updates will be focused on gameplay/features"". Many systems can have additional functionality tied to them and just add to the fun!"
"Seriously... I felt like I had more of a genuine human-like connection with that alchemist woman in the first town than almost any other character in most games... and she was just a tiny, insignificant character.  (it helped that her voice actor was fantastic and the dialogue was well written)"
"This isn't something I've heard about, please elaborate or send me in the direction of your friend so I can research!"
I will. College is over rated. Hands on is where it's at. Make sure you prominently mention some of your better city builds in your cover letter.
Maybe you're just good at the game because I certainly had traffic issues as I grew.  Seems like I just can't find a good way to keep traffic flowing from my industrial sector to the highway without causing backups. 
"&gt; (3) intersection lane, light, and sign control? (or are there mods that do so without issue?)

There's a mod that gives you absolute control over these. I can't remember the name at the moment, but it lets you chose which roads have no sign/yield/stop, adjust the timing of the lights, and create/edit turn lanes."
"Ugh. Exactly. Just give me a fun, fast-paced highly-polished scary FPS. That's what DOOM is. It doesn't need to go in a different direction. 

Open world survival DOOM? That's terrible. Besides the fact that there's 6 million other open-world post-apocalypse survival games, DOOM as a series has no lore or characters. "
Luckily it's F2P so I don't think it's a huge damage to the game's potential. I think it'll do nothing but grow now.
Can Paradox add an option to increase the font size? My computer can't support a high resolution and I don't like having to put on my reading glasses to see what Chirpy's chirping about. I imagine there would be other mildly vision-impaired people who would appreciate it as well.
"I'd like to see a mod that allows you to toggle this. Personally I find ships sailing across land obnoxious, but I can totally see how people would like to keep it for amusement's sake."
"Dawn of Discovery/Anno would be up your alley.  Cities: Skylines is pretty strictly a city builder and the needs of your citizens are pretty minimal (water, electric, parks, RCI balance).  DoD/Anno has city building mechanics focused around resource collection, supply chain management, and production of goods for your citizens.  "
"Haven't been keeping up with the game since the launch, but I was wondering if there were any changes/are there planned for:

* Industry - is there or will be a high-tech industry? Lack of it made overeducation a thing and that was quite sad that I had to keep some districts intentionally poor and stupid.

* Public transport - as developed as it was, lack of anything more than trains, strictly-underground metro and buses was quite limiting.

* Prize buildings - base game didn't have that many and some of them were kind of a strict progression, like malls."
"That's insane, he can absorb projectiles and throw them back at his opponents? And his head head stomp can hit people on the ground? He looks really different to USF4

There's some pretty exciting changes there, that's for sure! "
"Yeah Guess we all take it in differently. To me, the new engine was like a breath of fresh air, and with the snow and the nature it was just soo beautiful and... quiet and nice to roam and hunt in the Frontier. The wast, building-less frontier and etc. was actually quite nice to me, it was new from the narrow allys in Italy(Though ofc I love it, cuz of the parkour on the rooftops, and that's what a lot of the series is abour) so the was open-ness of AC3? Love it, personally. But I can see why some didn't as well.    
Connor was also a deeper character than what most people give him credit for.    
"
"It kind of makes sense. There have been people guessing the illuminati from Street Fighter III are involved (hence the Gill-esque gem on Charlie's head), and that was the furthest in the timeline, so if this is taking place after that, it would make sense for Bison to have aged.

Also releasing on a Tuesday. Iseewhatyoudidthere Capcom."
"It's been considered but, unfortunately, the UI is not very scaleable. We're looking for solutions to increased accessibility. 

I reckon there's an OK-working mod for it, though!  "
"No major changes to industry or public transit yet. 

Several new unique buildings have been added in this update, though!"
"Hey, I'm said friend.
I'm running the game on Medium settings with a AMD Radeon HD 6750M and I get around 30 fps most of the time. the two things that kill the framerate for me are the thought bubbles that appear above peoples heads when they are dead or wanting goods and the like. This performance problem gets progressively worse the more people and by extension bubbles there are. This effect is only noticeable when running the game on OS X and running it on the same hardware on windows 7 using bootcamp, I do not get this issue. The other performance killer is opening the road or zoning tabs. From what I could tell, the transparent coloured underlay marking zones seems to really harm the frame-rate. Again, this only appears to happen on OS X."
"Yup, as long as they address the game/walkspeed concerns and throw weakness, the level of actual changes/tools/diversity they're adding is pretty cool. SF4 was kind of boring, but this game looks to have a lot more power pushed into character individuality which I like.

That said, we still haven't taken a glimpse into if walkspeed is actually good or not since the last gameplay video, which is critical. "
"Wasn't there a thing with Bison where he was killed at the end of every game and his mind gets uploaded into new bodies?

It was the reason his SF2 body wasn't as buff as his SF3 body, IIRC; he didn't have enough time to train it further.

I remember reading somewhere that his original plan was to create a perfect body to upload his mind into, and that perfect body just happened to be Cammy. She is sort of a perfect soldier experiment he conducted or something, which is the reason she fights so similarly to other Shadaloo girls.

Honestly, SF has plenty of potential for a Rival Schools style plot. It's a shame they never went for it."
When is this coming out? I never bothered getting into PoE properly after dying to desync a few times. I'm definitely ready to come back if it's fixed. 
"If you enjoyed 2, I would definitely check out brotherhood, uses the same formula and is arguably the best in the series. "
"I wish I could tell better from the trailer what the game was actually going to be. 

And why does all of reddit seem to have thalassophobia lately?"
"&gt; The more I see of SF5 the more I think it doesn't really look like SF to me

That's good, though, I think.

We already buy the same Street Fighters many times in a row (alright, alright, so it gets fixed, tweaked, and added to. I stand by my point). At least when a new number comes out, make it be different."
"I was trying to put my finger on it, but I realize it gives me strong Dreamcast era game vibes, where things are just like, urban and bright. That's a tone I really miss in games :) "
"Can we combine it with Kerbal Space Program, and go through the whole process of getting people from our Kerbin City to our Mun City."
"Simply, with a large pool of resources and cash. [The Mythical Man-Month](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Mythical_Man-Month#The_mythical_man-month) was published 40 years ago and software houses keep making the same mistakes."
"I played Archeage for a little bit.  Had 2 houses and 4 16x16 farms.  Had my own Clipper (sailboat) and was saving up for a large merchant ship to run trade missions across the ocean.  Was working on my Alchemy and making a nice profit off of it.

We'd often to trade missions and have our merchant ships protected by some of the bigger galleons, and random people sailing around scouting for pirates in their clippers.  Running trade packs across the ocean we had to craft them then haul them all to the shore, load them up onto the ships, and head out.  It's an entirely PvP game, and you can even kill your own faction.

It's honestly one of my favorite MMO's ever.

But the cash shop turned me off of it.  Cash shop completely ruined anything and everything good about that game.

Looking at Black Desert right now.  But that's not out until next year.  Just playing FFXIV, your standard WoW clone, until Black Desert comes out."
Get the guy who made Banished to give it a survival aspect as well and you will have the game of my dreams...
"Rose can deflect projectiles w/o EX, the difference being that her EX version can reflect EX projectiles."
An article on it probably hit the front page of reddit or is flooding Facebook feeds.  Could also be you experiencing Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon.
"Now....grown up Sakura and Ibuki and also Juri Han please...please? No seriously, I think I'll cry if Juri isn't in it.
"
No.  If everything was serverside in the first place then we wouldn't have been having desync issues.
"GTA is one of those bedrock series that define video games to most people. When I was waiting in line to buy my (first) copy, there were people who hadn't owned a console since the PS2 (or sold their consoles years ago) who got a PS3/360 to play GTAV.

If you looked at most people's console games, you'd usually find not much more than two annual sports games and GTA."
"Amazingly there is already a game on steam which is very similar focused on survival 

http://store.steampowered.com/app/264710/"
"No, it's literally the words ""Butler"", ""Great Butler"", and ""Maid"" in English, but written in Japanese script.  Just like we'd write ""katana"" for the Japanese word ""刀"" and say ""katana"" was a Japanese word."
"&gt; Also releasing on a Tuesday. Iseewhatyoudidthere Capcom.

Is there a reason that this is a thing?"
"The game itself looks pretty cool, but the real star of this trailer is the music and sound design, at least in my opinion. "
"How do you feel that all news outlets are announcing the patch as 'tunnels, European buildings and BREAKS mods', when virtually all major game patches break mods in some way? You've gone through a lot of trouble to not break mods if possible, more than many other games, so does having the media point out that minor part of the patch leave a bit of a sour taste?"
"&gt; Also another weapon triangle to keep track off will be interesting too. The usual sword \&gt; axe \&gt; lance triangle is still in but they added to it so now its:

&gt; sword and magic \&gt; axe and bow \&gt; lance and dark weapon

I don't really know about this... One of the things I really liked about the old weapon triangle they've been using for 20+ years is that it actually is intuitive and makes sense. Lances significantly outrange swords and therefore give an advantage. Swords are lighter and more manoeuvrable than axes and therefore give an advantage. Axes &gt; Lances are probably the most dubious one, but lance users usually have shields or armour, and axes/hammers are good for crushing shields/armour.

Even the old magic triangle sort of made sense. Light beats Dark because good vs evil. Dark beats 'Nature' magic because it tends to represent corruption and draining life. Nature &gt; Light is the only one that doesn't really make sense, but I'll forgive 1 out of 6. I've wanted the old magic triangle to come back since Sacred Sword 'cause it worked well added a bit more strategy to magic use, which tends to be good against pretty much everything otherwise.

This new one is just kind of... Weird though. Why does a bow do well against dark magic but not normal magic? Why does normal magic do well against axe users but not lance users? In fact this already kind of fucks up magic being good against units with armour/shields like Knights/Generals, and instead arrows are now effective against them, which is the complete opposite of what you'd expect. If anything I'd expect bows to be good against Axes because axe users are usually slow and lightly armoured.

In fact... It looks like the whole thing should be shifted to the left once. Dark magic would make sense to be good against Lance users because it's usually slow, but so are they, and their heavy armour won't protect against it, while it'd also be weak to sword users because they're fast and nimble. Nature magic has things like lightning, a fast spell that could hit quick sword users, but their lack of armour could put them at a disadvantage versus axe users. Bows as mentioned before would easily hit slow unarmoured axe users, but would just bounce off the heavy armour of lance users.

So yeah, overall it's 'interesting' and it'll make for more gameplay decisions, I'm glad that they're adding a magic triangle of some sort, but it just feels... Wrong to me. Very strange design decision.

Edit: Turns out 'dark weapons' was meant to be 'hidden weapons'. I remember reading at one point in relation to Pokemon that the 'Dark' type in Japan has kind of a different meaning, as it means more like an 'underhanded' or sneaky way of fighting, rather than what we'd probably think of when hearing 'Dark' which is probably 'Evil'. The Fighting type on the other hand is meant to represent a more honourable fighting style rather than simply 'Fighting' as it is over here, and that's why the two are in opposition, with Fighting being super effective against Dark. I imagine the mistranslation was probably similar in this case, because we don't really have a good word for the same thing."
"Not only is it awesome and shows a significant love for their community when a developer does this, but a lot of people don't understand how much they have to care for a community in order to develop something like this, giving people the ability to easily ""hook"" into a games code and run mods is hardly an easy task."
"&gt; Industry - is there or will be a high-tech industry? Lack of it made overeducation a thing and that was quite sad that I had to keep some districts intentionally poor and stupid.

Hmm I swear industry eventually moves into ""high tech"" by raising land value. 

"
"Yes but now Steel isn't objectively better than Iron. It's harder to double now, and that can cut damage output by like a lot."
"&gt; I'm just perfectly fine running heists and saving the money from that. 

That's still not you being resourceful but Rockstar being greedy. They're essentially selling cheats for real world $$$. The justification is that people actually have to work for it in the real world (i.e. flipping burgers) but *within the mechanics of the game*, it's still legitimized cheating. The only people benefiting from it are Rockstar. It's such a weird circle of generating money, obscure by design to hide the fact that they're selling 32 byte values in a database."
"Care to link me to such articles? Journalists are free to write whatever they consider sane, it's up to the readers to criticize what they are exposed to imo. I feel it's a bit petty if done to bait clicks, understandable if the purpose is to warn/inform people. 

Very hard topic to cover without a lengthy discussion not fit in this thread :)"
"&gt;I think the reason why /u/RushofBlood52 made the comment he did is because /r/games is intended to be a place for mature, insightful and well-thought-out discussion and commentary.

If only it was any of those things. "
"That must be a personal thing because the visuals look fantastic to me! The effects on the specials are really good. Plus, the graphics are improving every single time the game is shown - if you compare the very first trailer with the latest one the difference is night and day."
Start playing USF4 now then! that's what i'm doing in preparation for SF5 and i'm having an absolute blast!
Best solution is to keep growing. A constant influx of new citizens will keep your low end jobs satisfied. :)
"&gt; Hopefully this will continue to legitimize the hobby in the eyes of the public.

Why are you talking about gaming as if it's some obscure thing, it's one of the most popular things on the planet."
"Every bit as awesome as I remembered it to be. Though, Poseidon may take the cake. Barring, of course, the Big Bad himself.  "
"I'm sure I'm late to the party, but I'm nearing 10 hours on this game and finally feel like I've got a good enough grasp of it to give impressions.

For what it's worth, running on a GTX 970, 8GB Ram, Intel i7 2600.

**Things I loved**

- The immersion in this game is absolutely insane, and full of great little details. For example, I love how Geralt's beard grows, and that feeling I got the first time I realized I was getting scruffy and needed a shave. I'll also never forget the time I was fighting some bandits next to a bunch of horses, who panicked and kicked me when I got too close. Was seriously not expecting that. On the upside, scaring horses with bandits on them and watching the bandits fall on their arses is hilarious.

- This has been said before, but the facial expressions are amazing. All the animations are amazingly done, in fact.

- Loading times. What loading times? You can spend 5+ hours running around a HUGE area and never encounter a single load screen. And I liked how, when loading up a save, the game gives you a quick recap of the story so far.

- The towns. I'm lucky enough that I'm able to run the game with all settings on Ultra, and that means lots of people walking around, doing their thing. The game feels incredibly alive and well-populated and everyone's always doing something. I just wish there was an option to kick the geese. Stupid geese.

- The environment. There's something to be said about the graphical downgrade, and the quality of grass and tree textures can sometimes be distracting, but I found that to be pretty minor in the grand scheme of things. Sunsets are magical in this world, and I just have to stop and stare every time I see one.

- Enemy knowledge. Research is a bit more meaningful here (I feel) than in Witcher 2, since it doesn't just give you info on how to finish monster quests (explode nekker nests, place harpy traps), but tells you the monster's resistances and weaknesses (to oils, spells, etc.), making it easier to prepare for fights and making researching before fights a great plus.

**Things I didn't like**

- Grass and trees. Already mentioned it, but the texture quality is sometimes distracting in an otherwise amazingly crafted world.

- Crashes. I've experienced 3 so far, 2 of which were cutscenes in which the sound kept playing but the image froze.

- Combat is super clunky with m+kb, and my fingers can't twist around enough to be able to dodge rather than roll away. Also, dodge distance seems rather short and I end up getting hit even when I managed to dodge at the right time. Another gripe is that, for some reason, Geralt feels the need to walk slow as hell during combat, and that usually results in me getting my ass kicked by monsters/bandits who clearly don't feel the same way about walking speed during combat. 

-  *Edit: I just remembered this. I literally had to re-load the game once because I got stuck behind a door. Fuck these controls*

- Menus. Clunky and difficult to navigate.

**Tips for other PC players**

- If you're using m+kb on a PC, there's a setting under graphics called Hardware Mouse or something like that. It makes the game much smoother.

- Speaking of menus, there's a way to get rid of endless Esc'ing to get out of there. Just press the menu hotkey to instantly get back to the game (m for map, k for character, etc.)

- Double-tapping WASD makes you dodge, which I find way easier than using alt or left-ctrl.

**Tl;Dr**All in all, this is one of the best games I've played in a long time. The immersion and the environments are amazing, and all quests I've encountered so far are quite well-done and implemented. I am so happy I got this game."
"&gt; Ah yes, Kerbal Space Cities: Skyline~~Z~~

We don't need Zombies, I am pretty much done with zombies. "
"Honestly, I never really noticed it.  I don't have the best connection and occasionally I'd run into desync issues, but overall for me the game and controls felt really solid.  I never felt like I was in the approximate area, I always felt like I was right where I thought I was."
"Derailing for a moment, but hear me out:

How is it that we can be cool with some devs being upfront like this but not others (star citizen for example)? It seems that despite most devs being open about as much as they can, most users still have the ""no i want moar"" mentality. Sticking with the Star Citizen example, is it that they have lots of money/decently large staff for a crowdfunded game?

Not calling anyone out, I'm only pointing out trends that I see"
"Malaysian here, and yes, would love Southeast Asian architecture where everything's jumbled into each other.  
  
Also, I don't know why I feel the need to say this but I haven't bought the game even though seeing your community engagement and the direction of the team - it's everything I want.  
  
Just gotta wait till *after* vacation with gf to make sure I still have enough $$ allocated for games."
"Perhaps I am misreading your problem, but did you try starting with a custom resolution? You can add something like

    -screen-height 1080 -screen-width 2560

to your launch options and the game will start in that resolution (it's a Unity feature). I don't know if that works for OSX, though.

If the UI is too small to read then, use [ScaleUI](http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=409338401) (which I created) or [Text Scale Mod](http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=407225523)."
"Haha you want to talk about a backlog???

...I still haven't touched Uncharted 2/3, Infinite, Fallout NV DLC, Black Flag and many others. All sitting in my room unplayed. Hopefully I'll play them all this summer!"
The ending was a little out of left field. IIRC the ending was actually changed at the 11th hour and they had to rush something together
Nope.  Street Fighter has never really had OTG moves.  They showed some other OTGs in the other trailers.  It looks like this is some sort of EX variant to combo into.
You'll need zombies because there won't be any living people left when KSP is integrated. Who will man your space program? 
"Most people are either backing Star Citizen in which case they know and love the openness or they only read about Star Citizen through articles from gaming websites, in which case it becomes a very distorted image of a game that seems to have been in development forever yet still isn't done. 

What people don't take into account is that Star Citizen has been sharing an immense amount of information since the very start of development. Compare this to a game of similar scope and size, which might take 5 years to make, and we're only in year 3 now. Many games only announce that they're being made a year before release, when things are much more set in stone."
"There are 2 mods for that:

* [Text Scale Mod](http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=407225523)
* [ScaleUI](http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=409338401) (one of [my](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970384939/myworkshopfiles/?appid=255710) mods and inspired by Text Scale Mod)

I have not tested ScaleUI with 1.1.0b yet, but I'll update it if I find new issues.

Edit: found no problems with v1.1.0b and ScaleUI."
"Traffic++ has a really active team (they already hotfixed their mod for the new patch) and some really interesting ideas. It doesn't fix traffic, but it helps!

http://www.reddit.com/r/CitiesSkylines/comments/36i9dg/hotfix_traffic_for_cs_110_patch/

https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=409184143"
"Unfortunately the flags don't work - the game just resets to 640x480 when it's launched.

The problem is that that game is misreading the screensize. On Mac OS systems, there are two - a ""looks like"" size, which on my system is 1920x1080 (so the normal system UI is big enough to read) and a ""raw pixels"" size, which on my 4K display is 3840x2160. C:S is reading the ""looks like"" size, when it should be reading the ""raw pixels"" size. Other games do this correctly. 

Edit: Manually resetting the system to not use scaling at all before launching the game allows me to play in 4K. The game really should do this for me, though."
"Life comes before gaming, simple as that. Hope you end up getting it eventually! Cheers for the support :)"
"I think in the original ending Olympus is invaded by the Egyptian gods, Kratos kills everyone, and the ending shows the 3 Magi looking at Bethlehem under the stars.  
but dont quote me."
"Fuck. A community manager who recommends another game? You at paradox rule.

Also, happy birth day, man/woman/cat/other!"
"I imagine Paradox would be interested in turning them into another Paradox studio, just like they did with the Magicka developers. More money for Paradox and more resources for the CS developers."
"Now don't you worry about giant squids. They are so rare and live so deep (and often in incredibly cold waters), you will never ever encounter one.

Now Humboldt squid, on the other hand, you should be terrified of. About 6-8 feet across with many sharp hooks in their tentacles (of which they have 10, not 8), they are known for being incredibly aggressive carnivores and gather in gigantic pods of hundreds if not thousands that can be whipped into a piranha like frenzy, hanging out near the surface. And they are moving up to the American west coast as waters warm. If you lean too far over the side of a boat with them nearby, yoink. "
It only takes a week or two to completely gear your character in D3 every season so there's no reason you can't play both. 
"The latency, precision and accuracy is so good it allows people to juggle in VR:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3WGbe-5Mdc

For comparison, to do the same thing 3 years ago you would need a professional motion capture equipment (expensive high-FPS video cameras) a lot of computational power (to analyse all those video feeds from cameras as quickly as possible) and a heavy, military-grade [$20K+ headset](https://youtu.be/Zm2sLLn7Ijo?t=1m51s)."
"I agree that the zombies theme has been ~~done to death~~ overused, but a fully developed city sim where you ward off zombies in addition to managing power/water/**traffic** sounds pretty cool. "
"Man, Awakening got ridiculous. I was playing on Normal mode and after doing a bit of eugenics, I had characters that could take on entire armies. I think my most powerful unit was the kid of the PC, started looking more like tactical Dynasty Warriors than Fire Emblem. "
It's EA.  They had suits who have never seen a video game make decisions based on marketing suits who have never seen a video game. 
"Both those articles have perfectly legit title phrasing and bring up an issue that people need to see. That's A-OK in my book! :) Thanks for sharing, appreciate it."
"It's not about the anime look, it's about techniques used for 2D recreation on a 3D game. The background's 3D models like houses and such have a warped perspective just to make it look more 2D. Characters don't clip through each other like normal 3D mesh, they have Z-priority thingy like sprites, etc"
"&gt; started looking more like tactical Dynasty Warriors than Fire Emblem. 

Calling it tactical is giving it too much credit. You can just leave your tactician with a spell in the middle of the enemy forces and watch them drop one by one as your unit dodges *every* attack and strikes back *twice* every time. Turning the difficulty up doesn't even stop this from being possible, but instead only delays it to higher levels and makes pairing up required in riskier missions."
"See, I'm on the opposite side here. I enjoyed AC3 a lot but disliked Black Flag. The gameplay felt a lot clunkier, I hated the characters, hated the first person segments, hated the fact it was an Assassin's Creed game instead of a pirate game. It's sad when the best part of an ""Assassin's Creed"" game has nothing to do with assassinating anyone (the naval battles).

  In fact, I find all the AC games disappointing in that respect. The stealth mechanics, for the most part, are really lame and there's not a whole lot of ""assassin"" stuff going on. You can easily get through the games just by running and gunning."
"The locations:

&gt;May 30, 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. local time, at the following eight Best Buy locations:

&gt;San Francisco, CA (1717 Harrison St.)

&gt;Torrance, CA (3675 Pacific Coast Highway)

&gt;Miami, FL (10760 NW 17th St.)

&gt;Schaumburg, IL (900 E. Golf Road)

&gt;Maple Grove, MN (12905 Elm Creek Blvd. N)

&gt;Long Island City, NY (5011 Northern Blvd.)

&gt;Dallas, TX (9378 N Central Expy)

&gt;Tacoma, WA (2214 S. 48th St.)"
I really wished they had toned down the muscles in this game for a character art style more like Alpha 3.
Good music and sound design are key components of an unsettling atmosphere. It's definitely a well made trailer. I liked the visual composition as well.
The art style is the weakest part of SF4 and SF5. Its a shame that as of now the pinnacle is Alpha 3.
Sakura is already supposed to be an adult during the events of Street Fighter IV. If they still keep putting her in a schoolgirl outfit this far along in the timeline I don't even know what to say.
"From polls and such Juri does seem to be by far the most popular of the new characters since SF4 (Which is strange 'cause no-one plays her...) so if any new characters return she'll probably be one of them. I do seem to remember them mentioning a smaller cast, with more difference between each character for this game though."
Should just mod it in. Bugs shouldn't be something prioritized by main developers to be kept around for amusement's sakes of a minority.
"Because hive minds are fickle and will easily run with the default perspective of the subreddit/community. If the first few people decided that Paradox had really messed up by doing anything before fixing the traffic behavior, then this subreddit would be mostly whining. But luckily for us Paradox has a reputation for follow-through on their games, and people were grateful for the new updates and willing to wait for traffic changes in the future.

Honestly, I'm happy because I would've paid what I did for the game that I originally bought. The patch is extremely welcome, but they didn't need it to convince me to buy the game."
"I really like the Homestad missions as well, or at least the whole idea of the homestead missions. They feature Connor being inspired by the rest of the events of his life. The main plot is largely built around a bunch of dudes trying to found a nation. The homestead missions are Connor's attempts at nation building, it's the real thematic core of the game. People are trying to build places for themselves out of worse situations. It also demonstrates Connor's new seperation from his original tribe, who don't nation build but desperately hold onto old ways instead. Understandably so though.

That being said the missions are very short and not all that difficult. They clearly suffer from lack of time and polish. But they are some of the most interesting things the series has done with the video game medium. It's the first real time the games let you do things that aren't combat focused. You build up cities/bases in other games but not to this level of personal/character investment. Games as a whole are largely combat focused and I really enjoyed the expansion away from that in the homestead missions in AC3. So much of Connor's character is in the crevices of that game that I kind of just ignore people who say he is a bad protagonist. He's easily the most nuanced, detailed and sensical of all the protagonists, with the strongest character arc. 

I think it says a lot about the main fandom of the AC games that Connor and AC3 are largely considered the low point of the series. If you're hoping the series ever gets nuance again, blame the outcry over it."
"Fire Emblem games that let the player grind maps have always struggled with any semblance of balance. The actual game itself never seems to be designed with grinding in mind. Awakening just gives even less shits than the normal attempt though. First we have the most inflated stats in the series. Have no limit on supports too! How about a completely broken pair up system? That not enough? You're going to just love character re-classing!

Though then you have the apotheosis dlc, which requires you to abuse all these mechanics completely to beat it. Though I find that equally dull, because the challenge is less in the map, and more in 'did you grind correctly?'

There's a good game hidden in Awakening, you just have to house rule the hell out of it first."
"I think that was more just due to the fact that SF3 had very few veterans at all. Ryu and Ken were the only returning characters in New Generation, Second Impact brought back Akuma, and Chun-Li in Third Strike for a total of four."
"This guy's videos are so entertaining and intelligent, and he obviously puts a lot of work into them. He and the Lazy Game Reviews channel are probably my two favourite Youtube discoveries in the last year, and make such a refreshing antidote to the angry and cynical guys."
"I don't understand the hate Bioshock 2 gets, I would bet that if the team that made BS1 made the game no one would complain. BS2 was great and so was the dlc."
I can see people dedicating rooms in their houses for VR.  Only thing that sits in it is the rig and sensors.  Then load up whatever they want.
"Welp I'm in.  Still have never experienced the same sense of awe and scale as I have that first part of God of War III where you're fighting on the back of a titan, as the titan is climbing Mount Olympus, and you have other titans climbing and fighting in the background.

"
"I am always amazed and a little ticked off when things like this do not occur in Washington DC. It is our fucking capital, and one of the most populated metropolitan areas in the county. How does DC get left off of so many things? "
"Yeah, I think it's pretty clear it's more of a PR/marketing event than a legitimate competition (kind of like the Smash Invitational)."
"Any thoughts on publishing a timeline like Codemasters has done for Dirt? https://www.dirtgame.com/uk/timeline

I can see how it could create trouble if the team starts to get behind, or runs into brickwalls, but it's nice to have things to look forward to.  The Dirt timeline is generally just vague enough to allow some wiggle room, while offering enough details to get people excited."
"They're completely, completely, *completely* different games, though. I don't really like D3 at all. PoE is incredible."
"It's always interesting to see how a game can start as one thing, and morph into something COMPLETELY different through the years of development. "
Ryu is buffer than his Alpha 3 in counter part but Bison was easily his buffest (different body) in Alpha 3
"As a fellow DC resident, I feel this. DC itself isn't the most populated city. But its important to understand that it brings in people from Northern VA and southern Maryland(which is a ton of people). If those were accounted for somehow, I think it would jump DC up to the top 5 biggest cities in the US"
"The timeline is 


Street Fighter 1

Street Fighter Alpha 2 &amp; 3 (Alpha 1 is considered noncanon)

Street Fighter 2

Street Fighter 4

Street Fighter 3


...at least it isn't as confusing as the Zelda timeline.

**EDIT:** I forgot to say it has yet to be confirmed where Street Fighter 5 takes place. It's either before or after 3."
"Yeah, SFIV was 4 years after Alpha and 4 years before SFIII.

Which means Sakura should be 20, and Ibuki should be... 12... wut"
"Came to make a Mushaboom joke, but this actually looks pretty good.  Limbo comparisons will be made, with the physics engine and silhouette style, but it looks like it'll play a lot differently.  The animations look great, I'll keep an eye out on this one."
"Let's be honest, people who work in DC live as far away as West Virginia and Fredricksburg, VA... so I'm sure if one of these events was held in DC it would bring people in from at least 3 different states. They're missing out on a huge market by not hitting DC. "
"While I think that

1) The napkin math is suspect at best

and

2) The idea of ""actual indies"" is needlessly divisive 

I think that this article brings up a lot of good points, specifically the fact that the race to the bottom on Kickstarter bears a lot of resemblance to the race that happened in the app store and the one currently ongoing on Steam. Specifically that larger entities can depress prices for everyone eventually driving the lower end of the market out of profitability."
"It sounds there's a misunderstanding here. The lance portion of the triangle doesn't include dark *magic,* it includes *hidden weapons.* I'm not sure where /u/ipitydafool64 got the term *dark weapons*, since the posted article uses the phrase *hidden weapon,* which sounds like they might mean *concealed* or *disguised* weapons. It might be a translation error, since it does mention Maids/Butlers using *dark weapons*, which seem to be weapons with secondary debuff effects. 

One thing that's absolutely unambiguous is that all magic is now in the same ""triangle portion"" as swords."
The article has changed since this morning when I read it since I just did a copy and paste. I'll update it. Thanks for the heads up!
"Ibuki's SFIV intro has her sneaking away from summer camp, and her SFIII ending has her in college. Not sure exactly how old she's supposed to be, but I don't think 12/16 is right."
"The joke is that the trailer for bison was released on a Tuesday. It correlates to the meme ""for me it was a Tuesday"" which is a speech he gives to the hero about how the day that changed his life was standard fare for bison."
"/r/FireEmblem seems to have a more complete translation from Famitsu, and has indeed confirmed that *hidden weapons* refers to things like concealed blades and hidden knives – very suitable for maids, butlers and ninja. "
"It is starting to seem to me like valve is really more interested in creating ""independent"" hardware than Occulus is.

For instance it sounds to me like you could deploy lighthouse very reasonably even without the HMD, in combination with a set of sensors on a headband to produce the ""auto 3D"" effect that other IR trackers provide ([adjusting the view on a 2D display quickly to your head position to give you the illusion of 3D without actual stereo 3D](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jd3-eiid-Uw))

That way of thinking is a lot more enticing to me than a closed platform like for instance apple provides.

I still think the overall ""optimal"" mode of input will be light weight breathing gloves that come with attachments to provide accentuation to the fingers via current depended ""artificial muscles"" to provide virtual resistance.

If you have that, you can fully virtualise any input devise you can think of. keyboards, controllers, guns. Whatever. (e.g. what is tipping other than moving your finger, and at the point of contact feeling a resistance?) That will still be limited somewhat, because you would need accentuators for any actual muscle you want to fool (meaning if you want wrist feedback you'd need a ""glove"" to the elbows), but I think the end goal still will be to make you believe you are holding something (weightless but still) although you actually aren't."
That's not even a remotely fair comparison because the US dominates every team in basketball. At least in a case like this there are plenty of people who are better at video games than the players in the US. 
"Aside from the technology, which is rather impressive, I was really impressed with the interviewer. It's very rare to see an interview on something with such technological depth where the interviewer is able to keep up with and ask the right questions. Very cool."
"&gt;Which is strange 'cause no-one plays her...

I think you and i both know [why she's popular](https://youtube.com/watch?v=TJe4jnF0m4E)"
"they're not going to do the whole saga? Considering I can get this on PS3 for $3, is this going to be a $10 download or they expect retail pricing? 

such a disappointment "
"It's also not a good comparison because the best players from around the world do come to the NBA to play. He also picked one of worst teams as an example because the Spurs have players from France, Brazil, Argentina, Australia, Virgin Islands, and Italy."
"Don't let this scene give you the wrong idea, it wasn't a very good movie.

But it's fun to laugh at with a pal or a few who like Street Fighter."
"https://i.4cdn.org/vg/1432011271353.webm

https://i.4cdn.org/vg/1432008229605.webm

These were linked in the thread on /r/pathofexile. Looks pretty smooth and bug-free to me, although as I'm not in the beta myself I can't speak from personal experience."
"I think the idea is the remaster is for people who didn't own a PS3. If Sony has a bunch of new people coming from Xbox 360 to this it's for them and to drive up more hype for the eventual God of War sequel. 

I won't buy this remaster till it goes to like £10 or £20. "
"When he talks about developers having a new graphical toy to use and abuse in video games my mind instantly recalled when 'bloom' was first introduced, so much bloom everywhere.   
 
Today's fashion equivalent in video games is 'chromatic aberration', check it out:   
http://i.imgur.com/esVGiLJ.jpg"
"I'd be hesitant to even call it the U.S. championship. The number of locations is way too low and two of them are in the same damn state. Like, I don't have a chance of getting to any of these places without driving for several hours. The closest one is ten hours away. There really should be more locations. A lot more. "
"Yes, same people that build private movie theaters, arcade basements and tennis courts - a small minority.  Living in a  2-bedroom apartment I'm not going to dedicate a room to HTS VR. I can see ""walking VR"" be used in arcade place where people can come, play with and then leave. "
"Holy shit that looks amazing!  
  
Desync was the ten top reasons I stopped playing POE as none of my builds would work properly on higher difficulties as they all relied too much on melee...this looks absolutely fantastic!  
  
When is this patch going out of beta?"
"Nah, they always said they were going to do it for free. They don't want to fracture the community and turn off people who will drop 1 or so every so often for a small boost. "
Everyone likes her creative design but her gameplay design is really complex for a Street Fighter character. Holding buttons is really annoying imo. 
"Not only do I love this series, but I love the game selection. Sometimes I forget how deep the library of PC games goes."
"That's actually the same with the last time they had a ""World Championship"". It was US only as well. "
"Uhh, of all the games to complain about not having enough time to beat the God of War games are definitely the wrong ones. When I used to rent console games I could beat each one in a weekend. They take a couple of hours to beat and are pretty damn straightforward roller coaster rides. "
"Oh man, Payday 2's Chromatic Aberration... 

Luckily there is a mid that can remove it, I would highly recommend it."
If CO expands I would love it if they would make a roller coaster tycoon game in the future. I feel like that genre would be perfect for CO. They really are an incredible Dev team.
I mean... Why didn't they do the whole trilogy then? No one who made the swap is going to play GOW3 without the others.
"Me too. 
The mob setting is sufficiently uncommon at the moment that I think another Mafia game would really hit the spot, plus, assuming that Mafia 3 has been in development shortly after the release of Mafia 2, they had a good amount of time to really make it into a quality title. "
"It will be fantastic to see the new Lion's Arch. 

The art direction and design in this game has always been amazing -- and on top of that, the city's been in ruins for a damn year, it'll just be nice not seeing wreckage everywhere!"
"The key word in your question IMO is ""needlessly"". To me, a game can be as complex as one wants so long as that complexity serves a purpose.
"
"PoE's Uniques are often more unique than Diablo 2's Uniques. Characters are often built around them.

For example there are a few new ones in the beta that people are drooling to get their hands on:

A staff that makes projectile spells cast in a nova.

A staff that grants an entirely new skill that can only be used while using the staff.

And a pair of gloves that reverse the direction of knock back.

Outside of uniques PoE is a little more rare item focused so its a lot more like D2 than D3 in terms of items. But much better. "
If there was ever a game that didn't need an HD remaster it's GoW 3. That game looked phenomenal when it came out and it still does. It's cool that those who missed it on PS3 will be able to play it on PS4 though.
"Really? It looks nothing like SF4 to me.

The juggling, aerial combos, OTG, 'special modes', quick teleports, etc.

Looks like a giant step towards slow Marvel."
"Additionally, seems the competition is a score challenge on the 3DS version of NES Remix. (I assume the E3 event will have more variety) 

Overall, pretty dissapointed with this. Even in contrast to the Smash tourney last year (which left a lot to be desired) - this could've been handled a hell of a lot better. 
It'd be more fun if they followed the 1990 formula, and split it against three games on custom hardware. Do a score challenge on NSMBU, a fastest lap challenge in MK8,  and an endurance challenge in Smash 4. Put the three together in one downloadable package, and compare scores online (say, Best of each state moves on). "
The first 750? There's going to be people camping out now for that. I won't even get a chance since I can't take off work.
"For anyone interested as to what this game is or can do, this video is fantastic: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvAVP0_kJ4Q"
"I think that complexity can be good, up to a certain point.  The real trick though, is making sure that complex systems start out approachable, or at least do not punish players for experimentation.  Having to restart a long game again and again because you used up precious resources without fully understanding their function is, IMO, terrible design unless the game is a roguelike.

Even titles like Dark Souls aren't perfect in this regard.  While you generally can't screw yourself over *too* badly, the inclusion of ""traps"" like resistance (happily removed in DS2 and Bloodborne) can discourage players from continuing when they realize they've made a permanent, irreparable mistake.

In other words, complexity is fine but opaque complexity with the possibility of permanent failure is not."
"Well one is in Queens apparently, I'm in Jersey, that could work if I want to be crazy enough to travel over there. But the other issue that it's only open to the first 750 people, which is just... hopeless. You'll never make it. And you gotta be a better gamer than all 750, presumably.

Even so, I'll make a stab for it. I BELIEVE."
I gotta agree with you. It's cool that people will be able to play it on PS4 but I doubt it will look any better. I'm not even sure the framerate bump will have an affect as I remember playing it on PS3 with a rock solid framerate! 
"About Lee turning to a 2D villain. Keep in mind that Animus works from ""memories"". Haytham saw him as a friend so he is portrayed in a more positive light then. But for Connor he was the enemy. And Connor was pretty biased against him so he saw him as that, the bad guy.

I personally didn't like the control changes they brought, Sprint being my finger fully pressed against the trigger really hurts after a long while."
"Yea, Tested is great. Their genuine interest and excitement in the stuff they cover really shows in their videos and podcasts. Their other videos on Oculus and HTC Vive are the best ones around: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=leg2gS6ShZw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-IdUI0qs7w"
"I'm surprised how no one has mentioned that Ross actually went to the trouble of literally saving 2 games from being lost forever. 

That's my favorite thing about the entire video.

Archival of any and all gaming history is extremely important, imo.  To put forth the effort and time to save a title, even one as small and forgettable as a Bip Bop game, is extremely respectable in my eyes."
"I'll definitely go back to it if this change works out the way I'm hoping it will. I hadn't heard about this prior to this reddit post, but desync deaths are what caused me to quit. I liked to play hardcore and/or the latest leagues (which kicked you out of the league on death) and when I was dying not due to a fault in my play style or my character build... but simply because of desyncing with the game server... it was extremely frustrating. Some might argue and say that it was a fault in my play style because I wasn't compensating for desync, but I disagree. I shouldn't have to make up for technical shortcomings in order to access certain content in the game. Complete progress loss, item loss, etc. Extremely expensive rares and uniques suddenly lost to a lower league, and suddenly useless and worthless, and then I'd have to start over from scratch through no fault of my own.

Certain builds were basically impossible to use simply because they caused desync too easily. Certain skill gems were just unusable for the same reason. A fair amount of content simply couldn't be used because the risk was too high. 

I couldn't be happier that they've finally addressed this issue in a meaningful way."
"I'm not particularly sold.  What I got from this was swim, go deeper, go to where it's scary, get eaten.  I understand it's a teaser and only meant to entice but w/o the context of what this game is actually other than get eaten simulator I'm not sold."
"Been hosting and DMing Dungeons and Dragons 5th Edition almost entirely in Tabletop Simulator.

This game is amazing and immersive.  My dudebro friends even wanted to join our campaign because its not the smelly cave they equate actual DnD with.

The community also has a ton of actual board games they imported.  Some DMCA requests get sent occasionally, but the number of free addons is incredible thanks to the community.

*edit* Finally got off work.  Here are some screens that I have saved.
    http://i.imgur.com/Eemmgu5.jpg, http://i.imgur.com/ZoUnRMB.jpg, http://i.imgur.com/tWyVQk6.jpg
"
"Have you ever seen Miracle on 34th Street? Being truthful and open with your potential customers is a great way to win them over. You may lose a sale here or there, but the trust you gain with other potential buyers is well worth it.

""You know, I would probably like Banished more, but /u/TotalyMoo is being really cool. I'll check out Skylines!""

You were probably just making a joke, but I'm sure some other people would be confused about his actions."
I bought the game a while ago and never really got into it. How do you play proper tabletop games on it? Do people abuse the 'table flip' function?
"Table flip can be turned off or undone by the person hosting the game.  TBH, it was probably a bad idea to focus SO MUCH of the main trailer on that function because people focus on it a lot, and it's a non-factor."
"Clearly they took lessons from WoW's eternally burning/semi-destroyed Stormwind City, or just had common sense ;)"
"The host has full control over how silly people can be, including table flipping.

My recommendation for playing real tabletop games is to  subscribe to the ones you want on the community workshop, then you just boot up the game and load from workshop and its good to go."
"Great article, so don't be mad that I'm nitpicking, but:

&gt;Thousands of mods have been created, often providing more compelling content than their parent games.

'Often'? I would have taken 'sometimes', though 'occasionally' is even better. "
"No, he does mean complexity, which is not inherently a bad thing, it just appeals to a different, more niche, less casual crowd."
I like how this attitude persists despite most of the updates to SF4 just DLC with physical versions to make organizing tournaments easier.
"Yeah that was really cool of him.

It makes me wonder how many other games have been literally erased from existence from the fact that nobody bothered to back them up."
"I feel like /r/tabletopsimulator is also worth mentioning. It's a small community, but the developers are very active over there."
"Thousands of them, I'm sure.

Preservation is *such* an important process, without it we'd have lost far more of our gaming history than I'd like to imagine. It's one of the big reasons as to why I no longer hold respect for Konami."
"Software companies hate divulging timelines, because development is unpredictable and priorities shift/change, unexpected obstacles appear, etc. 

It's hard to understand this as a consumer (but why can't you just tell me if it's coming?), but work for a day at a company that deals with deliverables and you'd understand. You never want to promise or even hint at something that has the possibility of not coming to fruition, as the backlash would be massive."
"To be fair, this is just the qualifying round. Perhaps the games change up in the actual competition?"
"Bought this game a while back to play Betrayal at House on the Hill with some friends. I really loved it. Unfortunately these friends have kind of moved on from TTS. Anyone know of anywhere I can find chill people to play these board games with?
"
"Nope. I'm speaking about complexity directly.

IMO, there is no such thing as needless depth. But there such a thing as needless complexity. So, to quote myself...

&gt;To me, a game can be as complex as one wants so long as that complexity serves a purpose.

If I replace the word ""complexity"" with ""depth"", the sentence ends up as ""To me, a game can be as deep as one wants so long as that depth serves a purpose."" which is a silly statement if there is no such thing as needless depth.

I'm speaking about complexity. It does not make sense for my words to be used for depth.

---

You can relate what I'm saying about complexity to depth. You could say that the amount of complexity one adds should be worth the amount of depth that complexity creates. If a mechanics is very complicated but adds little depth, then it can be seen as a negative.

 "
"LA's been evolving slowly since the destruction phase. I mean, they had the actual fires out and stuff within the next patch, and then slowly returned basic services and starting rebuilding bridges and stuff. This is going to be a massive overhaul though. "
"Just so we're all clear, this patch rolled out in a CLOSED BETA that most people don't currently have access to, so if you reinstall the main game now, you won't see this change.  That said, the new expansion that will have this change is going to add an entire new act, a revamp of the passive skill tree, the addition of many cool uniques and new mechanics (jewels + golems).  I'm really hyped for this release!"
"Silent Hill 3 (and maybe others in the series) recognised this distinction - they allow the player to choose an Action difficulty and a Riddle difficulty separately - the former affects enemy strength and player health and stamina and so on, while the latter affects the difficulty of the puzzles in the game.

On Easy Riddle, you obtain a 4 digit key code by simply rearranging five books on a shelf, so the numbers scrawled across their spines fit together. On Hard Riddle, that same puzzle requires some obtuse non-trivial arithmetic, interpretation of a cryptic poem, and specific game-external knowledge of several of Shakespeare's works."
"It's even dumber than that. It's not actually named hardware mouse, but hardware cursor. At first I left it off because I thought it would only change the cursor to look like it does in Windows."
"IIRC there have been several bills put forth wanting to split it into two states, but there has been criticism that it would end up being hollywood: the rich state and poor-constantly-drought-ridden-fornia."
"I wish, but it's not really Blizz's cup of tea. They know what they're about, and that's mostly raids. The actual ""world"" of Warcraft doesn't really matter much unless it was just recently introduced in a  new expansion.

I kinda hope GW2 manages to avoid that sort of things with their expansions. They've managed to keep the world feeling alive so far."
"This is what it is claimed to be for

""Hardware and software, sensors, and beacons for the detection and measurement of physical objects and the representation of such objects in virtual reality environments; Devices used for the detection and measurement of physical objects and the representation of such objects in virtual reality environments; Electronic apparatus for the detection and measurement of physical objects and the representation of such objects in virtual reality environments""   

So something like ARG? I mean it is called the Chaperone so it would make sense if its like a add-on to the Vive and its for ARG. "
You mean you didn't like being yanked out of being a fucking pirate and being forced to play dinky mini-games to appease some jackass IT guy?
"When you finish GOW2 it ends on a huge cliffhanger. Hence, we've been waiting for the third installment ever since we beat the second game."
"The chaperone system is part of how their SteamVR platform works to indicate the safe area of the environment where using VR, so you don't walk into walls or objects or hit something with your hands. 

IIRC in one of the SVVR talks - here somewhere -  https://youtu.be/Zm2sLLn7Ijo  they they mention it is also part of the OpenVR API that they are making that doesn't require steam but let's different vr hardware work in games. It's part of their attempt to keep VR open and prevent ""gatekeepers"" . "
"I'm pretty sure they aren't, The Ruler of The Entire Universe is clearly Ross as is the red ball thing."
"It's probably this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrsUMEbLtOs

The ""Lighthouse"", an infrared beacon for their VR HMD."
So how's support for licensed games? Half of my subscriptions from when I bought the game are gone now.
"for my map I just upload to imgur and use the upload table.

The pieces I use are either the 1st party or workshop minis.  Sometimes I will use just small red pieces for POIs.

You can also change the color of the mini to allow some variation"
"Chaperon is most likely the system they're coming up with for representing real world physical objects in a game, meaning keeping track of where your walls / couch / table / etc are so you don't run into them when you have the headset on. They had basic functionality when demoing the Vive headset where, if you would walk up to the wall in the room the demo was in, a grid would fade in in-game to show you you're about to run into the wall.  
  
This is not achieved by the base-stations scanning your room (they only send lasers out to be picked up by sensors on the controller and headset), but by holding a controller out to the wall, clicking, then bringing it to the other walls, clicking, floor, click, etc. Since the positioning is absolute with their tracking, you can map out your room before hand.  
  
It's also likely to do with the sensors themselves, since the way the Lighthouse system works, you can have many sensors for one base station, meaning you can stick these sensors to anything electronic and rigid that might be moved and have it tracked in the virtual world just like your controllers and headset, ie sticking the small diodes on your phone, mouse, keyboard, chair, flight stick, rigid body suit pieces if you wanted, etc.  
  
That probably means we'll start seeing keyboards/mice/etc being sold as Vive-compatible with tracking diodes attached, and/or just being able to buy a bundle of these cheap diodes yourself and setup your own tracked stuff.  
  
All of this working together being called Chaperon, likely. But the tracking system itself (base station lasers) I believe will still be called Lighthouse."
"&gt; It makes me wonder how many other games have been literally erased from existence 

The original Bubble Bobble is gone. What we play now (those who do) is a remade game.

Even something like that can fall prey to it."
"I always want this game, but then I realize that I'm not sociable enough of a person to actually make use of it."
"&gt; That probably means we'll start seeing keyboards/mice/etc being sold as Vive-compatible with tracking diodes attached, and/or just being able to buy a bundle of these cheap diodes yourself and setup your own tracked stuff.

Nice bet, sounds about right. /r/oculus has gradually sold me on all the ridiculous potential of lighthouse and i've been trying to think if theres some ceiling or major disadvantage. I mean its not even a clean cut win for untethered markerless inside-out tracking with lighthouses potential for 'peripherals'"
How does D&amp;D work on it? I've played over VoIP and http://roll20.net. Pretty much gets the job done. What does Tabletop Sim bring?
"There's something so legitimately unsettling about weird shit in old videogames, especially one as obscure and lost-to-the-times as this. This entire video I was bracing in my chair for a jumpscare or for the game to contain crime scene photos or something similarly horrific. But nope! Just a regular old game with a silly story. I'm almost disappointed."
"Depends. HotS is much less complex. There are no item builds, you simply select talents every few levels. Success in HotS is more dependent on playing efficiently. Leveling is team-based so it's important to have someone in each lane soaking exp. Objectives are the name of the game, so the best players can balance soaking up exp and managing waves to deny enemies when it's time to group for objectives. HotS hinges on teamfights and most objectives are designed to draw in everyone when they spawn. 

For example, one map has artifacts that spawn around the map. Collecting 3 temporarily reduces all enemy creeps to 1 hp and stops their towers/forts from attacking and defending themselves. Do you always group as 5 to contest each artifact? What happens when the other team only sends 2 people to stall you and out-levels you? By the third artifact spawn they have ult and you don't which means you'll get wiped if you contest. 

Overall it's a fast paced MOBA that differs from anything you've played before. "
"I like dota2 and I like wow. I found HotS to be incredibly repetitive, grindy and shallow. It's fun for short spurts, but I could not help but feel really bored. You can master a hero in a fraction of the time and effort it takes to master a Dota 2 hero, and the corresponding depth of gameplay is equally dissatisfying. 

"
"It's also much more objective based. 

You could be a god in your lane. However if you and your team ignore map objectives you will lose."
It also does any card game or board game you can imagine.  I'm guessing Roll20 and Maptools are RPG Pen and Paper only.
"Have been playing the beta for about a month now. If you already enjoy playing a MOBA like League of Legends or Dota then there's strong chance you will probably be disappointed if you're looking for something similar. If you've never played a MOBA before, then Heroes of the Storm might be up your alley.

In my opinion, there are three main reasons why you might be interested in playing Heroes of the Storm.

1. **You don't want to dedicate 45 minutes to an hour playing a game.** A normal match in Heroes of the Storm lasts anywhere from 15 to 30 minutes, with 15 minutes games being complete stomps in favor of one team, where 30 minutes games are much closer. In about 100 games, I think I've only had a handful of games go over 30 minutes.
2. **You want to play a with a less toxic gaming community. (Subject to change with release)** In my 100+ games in closed beta so far, the community is easily the least toxic MOBA I've played. I've only been flamed once or twice, but otherwise games end without much incident, win or lose. I have not played any Hero League yet (aka Ranked mode), so I cannot speak to how ""toxic"" the games in that mode are. I would also suspect that the game might become more ""toxic"" following the official release, but until then there's no way to know for sure.
3. **You find games like League of Legends and Dota too mechanically complex and overwhelming.** Let's not beat around the bush here. Heroes of the Storm is nowhere near as complex as LoL or Dota, or any other MOBA I've played and arguably requires far less skill to be good at. There's not much to memorize, and there's no extra game mechanics that would otherwise increase the skill ceiling of the game or confuse newer players. The game itself is very straight forward and simple. It's still fun to play to a point, but if you've had previous (positive) MOBA experience, you'll find the stripped down mechanics to be very shallow and ultimately boring. If you could never get into games like LoL or Dota, then you should still give HotS a shot, as it might be just what you need to ""understand"" the genre.

As someone who has played other MOBAs before, I find it hard to stay excited about playing the game after one or two matches. Character builds feel very cookie-cutter and don't really incentivize alot of the theory crafting. The experience system means that the game lacks traditional MOBA snowballing, but in turn also lacks the feeling of empowerment you get from being stronger than your opponent. I still enjoy it as a casual experience that I'll probably play every once in a while, but I don't see this supplanting my primary moba of choice any time soon."
"I really enjoy the fact the story isn't afraid to take risks. There is also some really great foreshadowing [Life is Strange E3 Spoilers] (#s ""like how Chloe parks in handicapped parking spaces and you can steal the handicapped fund."")"
"&gt;the community is easily the least toxic MOBA I've played. 

Said about every new MOBA ever... and never true."
"&gt;In my 100+ games in closed beta so far

There's the problem right there. You're concluding toxicity isn't prevalent in the closed beta. Once this baby hits open beta it'll become just as toxic as any other game."
"This game is as far from Dota as the genre can get honestly. As someone who played a lot of LoL and Dota 2, I absolutely hated HotS. It strips away so much of what makes the genre interesting and exciting for me. "
"[Spoiler](#s ""I didn't even notice that. So I'm wondering does Max have all these new memories on top of her old ones? Like how she joined the Vortex Club."")"
"That's why I said that's subject to change. IMO, it's too early to tell if this game will be as toxic on release. The games are short enough that you can't really get that mad at other people for wasting your time, and the emphasis on teamwork and teamplay means that's one person on a team is far less likely to drag the whole team down. The score screen also obfuscates ""feeding"" because it counts Kills and Assists as one value, meaning your K/D ratio is often greater than 1 most of the time. "
"[Spoiler](#s ""I believe, she was shocked to see Chloe so I'm sure see still has her ""old"" memories. If the ""before"" timeline memories crossover, the ""after"" should as well"")"
"Junction wasn't that complicated; the problem was that it incentivized really weird behavior, like stockpiling huge quantities of magic you never really got to use, or continually avoiding fights because enemies levelled with you and you could get stats from junctioning instead of levelling."
"Fantastic. Even if I'm not as personally excited about Morpheus as Vive or Oculus, I think it has the chance to bring VR into ""the mainstream"" like nothing else, specifically because it only requires a single $400 piece of hardware that millions of people already own. Sure the quality can never be as good as it will be on PC, but if they're creative this could be a huge boon to the beginning of the VR industry."
"Different atmosphere, definitely.  Could never get fully immersed with roll20.  An example I enjoy using is: during a dragon attack on a tower, I could simulate the dragon's sweeping attacks and flyovers with an actual dragon mini."
"I also want to say that this is how episodic games should be done and why the format works. I'll see a lot of people saying that they will wait for the complete edition. If this was a Telltale Game I would agree with you. Why? Because you have no idea when the next episode will come out.

Life is Strange has been great so far at its schedule of every 2 months. And the wait I believe helps the story. You need a breather in between the shocking moments to let everything sink in. It's a way of pacing the story. I wouldn't want to play this all the way through in one sitting. Or even a week."
more like norcal would stop sending LA water and then everyone in rich california would be uber pissed
"I have literally never owned a Playstation product, and I'm not sure I will, but damn do I feel like this is as important as anything. If they are able to somehow push this Morpheus to be a fine VR headset and bring it to the masses it's only good for....well every gamer out there. It means more support for this form of new entertainment and even with it being a first-party studio (which means exclusive games for PS4), this is a rare case where exclusivity does not hurt all gamers. 

This should help push the narrative of PR to the masses in ways that PC specific hardware would not be able to accomplish. I for one am excited that they are designating a specific studio for this task because it is vital, important, and could prove VR's worth. "
"I actually cried, I really did. Seems like Chloe always gets the short end of the stick. 

I wonder if Kate is still alive? Will we meet Rachael? Idk"
"Yeah, The people over on the Heroes reddit make the same comment, usually right next to a chain of comments giving shit to Dota or League players. Its pretty hilarious. The communities for Heroes is the same as League or Dota. 

Granted, I usually run into more nonenglish speakers in Dota than Heroes, but the lack of communication in those scenarios is as much my fault as it is theirs. Hell, their English is a damn sight better than my Russian or Spanish. Why isn't there a large Japanese or German Dota population? At least I could use languages then."
"Yeah, I find that when I finish an episode of LiS, I'm left wanting more but at the same time I've had enough for now, if that makes sense? And the fact that I can rely on Episode 4 dropping in late July or early August is certainly helpful, there, as I'm confident I won't just be left hanging."
"&gt;if you've had previous (positive) MOBA experience, you'll find the stripped down mechanics to be very shallow and ultimately boring.   

It's very possible to enjoy both DOTA, LoL, and HOTS.  I love LoL, but after thousands of games, it can get stale, like anything else.  If I want to take a break from LoL and still play something kind of similar but not a clone, HOTS is perfect.  
Many people who like DOTA and LoL have tried HOTS and just liked it more.  Harder/more complex does not always equal better.   
"
"If it's Valve's Lighthouse tech, then it operates similarly to Kinect, but far, far more precisely, quickly, and just all-around robustly, and seems to be far more capable in general.

Chaperone seems to be a method used with this ""Lighthouse"" tracking, that maps the room you're in so that you can move about in VR while maintaining awareness of your IRL surroundings, so that you don't run into things. The way Valve's most recent VR demos worked, if you were coming close to an IRL wall, a sort of grid-like, transparent, but bright red wall would fade into view in the VR environment so that you could basically see the IRL wall in VR, and avoid bumping into it."
"A big part of this is that you can't communicate with the enemy team.

On top of this, the matches are shorter so people don't get 50 minutes to fester their hatred for another right after champion select.

At the start of every game you're even prompted to put your entire team on mute for the game. So if you're having a bad day, you can turn it off more easily."
"Here's my two cents from someone with over 1000 hours in Dota 2.

HotS is a fun distraction, but that's all it is. This may change when you're playing as an organized team, but in solo queue, I never really felt the same pressure I feel in Dota. In Dota, at any stage of the game, I feel pressure to do better. That's why I love it. No matter what the role, no matter when, there's something I can be doing to push my team closer to victory. The other side of the sword is that I can make a mistake and damn my team to failure. 

HotS is a different beast. Everything is toned down a bit. Attacks are weaker, stuns are shorter, movement is slower. Yeah, you can get blown up sometimes (looking at you Nova) but for the most part, deaths happen from a sequence of mistakes rather than just one. A lot of the time, I felt like we're just making the best of downtime between objective spawns. 

So really, it depends what you want. Do you want to play a ~20 minute game where pressure is low and the game dictates decisions? If that sounds better than a ~40 minute game where every decision is vital and entirely up to you, then HotS is the game for you.

Personally, I've went back to Dota after a brief affair with HotS. I do miss the short game time, but the feeling of satisfaction in winning a Dota 2 game is unmatched. I just feel so much more responsible for that win than winning games in HotS. "
"On the Wii: Super Mario Galaxy 1 &amp; 2. Very detailed, lots of shader effects, all at a blistering 60 fps, these games easily held their own against the system's beefier competition.

Xenoblade Chronicles: The character models were pretty poor, but the environments were some of the largest and most stunning on any console of that generation. It was easily the biggest game on Wii in terms of size and scope, and again, held its own against the more powerful systems. I personally did not enjoy the game itself, but it was an astounding technical achievement, nonetheless, and its hard to take that away. "
"Yeah, I've played hundreds of hours in each of HoN, DotA, and LoL, frankly right now I just prefer Heroes, I've probably racked up hours in Heroes way faster than in any of them save for HoN and it's just really fun still.

The fact I can play say 5+ games and it's less time than two DotA games helps a lot, it's a lot less draining even if you play similar amounts of time."
"Crysis, in terms of graphics, was *way* ahead of its time, with some pretty crazy system requirements (for the time) and just being pretty much the best looking game of all time up to that point"
"Cops barely have anything in these games. I'd like a game solely from the point of view of a cop, without the forced edginess Rivals tried to force on us. What I mean is that the cops should have customization too, kind of like how real world police departments have different paint schemes for different eras. 

Maybe have a justification for that in the story, like your a rookie on the force and you want Racers to be afraid or at least wary when your out patrolling. 

I also think they should bring back the BUSTED! cutscenes that were in the old Most Wanted and Undercover, because there's nothing more crushing than getting tackled by a guy in body armor and arrested."
"&gt; I do miss the short game time, but the feeling of satisfaction in winning a Dota 2 game is unmatched. I just feel so much more responsible for that win than winning games in HotS. 

The feeling of losing in Dota 2 is also far more frustrating. Forty minutes to an hour wasted and often with the opponent team snowballing and thus sealing the fate of the match well before it's over. Let's balance out the good with the bad shall we?"
"I disagree. The winning overshadows the losing in almost every moba I've played. Losing a particularly close match can be very draining, yes, but losing doesn't making the winning any less satisfactory."
"It was fantastic, seriously one of the best episodes in an episodic series. I think that the game is taking a few risks with some serious turns in the plot and it is helping to keep me engaged and involved. "
Which all of the other VR headsets also require. I was just talking about the hardware required to make those headsets work. 
Them having a first party studio will definitely help Project Morpheus...but i have a sinking feeling that Morpheus is going to end the same way every other Playstation add-on has ended.
"The music was great, and it set the atmosphere perfectly. It made you feel like a lone explorer hurling yourself out into space, and often enough into battle. The mid-song transitions for fights was a very nice touch that did wonders for a cohesive feel, and gating the music by distance gave a feeling of progress.

FTL's music did its job in the background when you had to focus, and was there to accent the story when you wanted it. It's the quiet hero of the game."
"I still play Carbon for the drift and canyon races. Never cared about career mode.

Beyond that, there's something to be appreciated in the details. Each engine has it's own exhaust note. You can hear difference between a 4 cylinder engine, a boxer engine, a rotary engine, etc. You can hear the turbo/supercharger, the blow-off valve.

While the handling is very arcade-y, you can feel the difference you would expect for cars with different layouts. 4wd vs RWD, mid-engine vs front engine, etc. will behave differently."
"&gt; You find games like League of Legends and Dota too mechanically complex and overwhelming.

I dunno about this... I hear it a lot when people talk about HotS, but I don't believe it after playing a lot of all three. People are quick to point out what HotS removes and declare it less complex while ignoring everything that it adds to the genre.

No denial or last hits - but towers have ammo stocks that can be exhausted if you are proactively pushing the minions up to your enemy's front line. Also, health globes reintroduce the act of denying your enemies anyway.

No items - but heroes have talents with arguably more significant changes to how the hero plays, including new active abilities (which easily fill the role of active items). They need to be better balanced, sure, but this is getting better with every patch.

Less skill - Uh... really? Neither DotA nor League have map objectives or mercs. To be totally honest, I'm utterly unconvinced this is true. Team experience also allows for some significantly more difficult heroes like Abathur and Lost Vikings to exist, without the proximity XP system of League and DotA mucking it up. Matches in HotS force players out of their comfort zones all the time, and being unable to prioritize and react when that happens results in failure for your team.

I think it's a little funny how people claim the game is much less complex, yet if you take the typical DotA/League laning strategies into HotS you will probably lose the game because you're not reacting to global map events. And this happens in low level games. All the time.

As expected, downvotes with no responses."
"One of my favorite video game soundtracks ever. 

Perfect to listen to when reading or relaxing.....or playing FTL"
"It's been a couple months since I played, but back then Ctrl-Z was limited to the host (and maybe promoted players, I forget) but not to everyone."
"I like to listen to the ""explore"" tracks while driving at night. They really have the power to change my mood in that context. They make me feel lonely and contemplative, but in a good way, if that makes sense.

My favorite driving songs: [Mantis Explore](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41HyBjoLoyw&amp;list=PLDWrj6ynqDMGiREzFXF_JkuwBi3-pUKJH&amp;index=7), [Civil Explore](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSgrxEkTIqg&amp;index=3&amp;list=PLDWrj6ynqDMGiREzFXF_JkuwBi3-pUKJH), and [Rockmen Explore](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bh1wIbuHCkg&amp;list=PLDWrj6ynqDMGiREzFXF_JkuwBi3-pUKJH&amp;index=11)"
"Obviously, you don't play this game like you would play a game of Dota or League, but the decision making process that goes into reacting to map objectives, mercenaries, teamfighting, rotations, all apply."
"Have they added scripting yet?  I love TTS, but on some games it is MUCH harder to play than with physical pieces.

Star Wars X-Wing Miniatures is one that could really use some basic scripting.  The movement markers are just a pain to get exact, and you have to lock/unlock them and the player pieces constantly so they do not get knocked around the board.

The movements are simple arcs and lines, so the scripting should be fairly straightforward.  Basically, follow this movement and if the end position is free, then place piece there.  If not, move as far as it can and stop when it intersects the last physical object.

Heck, just being able to mark the movement markers as not having physics (no interacting with player pieces or friction with the table) would make it much easier to play.  You can't even put a marker down and slide it without it randomly twisting.

It's still a great game engine, but scripting would really help with many games, even the more basic ones like chess and mancala.  I know they may be going for a more ""hands-on"" feel, but I'd still prefer some automation where it makes sense."
"My favourite NFS game has always been the black sheep of the series, Porsche Unleashed. For me, it hit a great balance between being an arcade racer and having the right amount of physics to make the cars seem real and different. I absolutely loved playing through Porsche's history, from slow 356s to the easy-driving modern Boxters to the sheer insanity that was the 70s model 911 Turbo. The tracks were pretty great, too, I loved all the twisty European road courses. [Corsica](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4GarKSb3LM8) was probably my favourite.

I'd love to see an updated take on the concept, either with Porsche or another manufacturer."
"[The original System Shock did as well.](http://i.imgur.com/if93dRX.png)

Combat is how difficult the enemies are, and at 0 they just stand around doing nothing and don't respond to you in any way.

Puzzle is how hard the puzzles are, like hacking and wiring.  At 0 they're automatically completed

Mission at 0 will be a run through without any story line or plot points, while 3 imposes the actual time limit before Shodan reaches her goal (7 hours).

Cyber is the 'Cyberspace' portion, and how easy and simple it is.
"
"I don't think that was the intention, just a reminder to anyone that might have a more 'personal' connection to the game's storyline that there's more ways to deal with their problems than just using the game as escapism.

That much said, I've heard sometimes that trying to make suicidal people aware of suicide watch options like this can backfire, so I'm somewhat concerned here."
"That's actually a great thing. I mean, it's not often when we see something like that being mentioned in videogames. Or in movies. I've never seen that perosnally, anyway. And there is a lot of people who are playing games to get away from reality. And, well, i guess slice-of-life genre can be really triggering. So it's great that someone decided to acknowledge this. It's never too late, i guess. I hope we'll see things like that more often. Rising awareness for people who can help is a good thing too.

So, the link to this page is being mentioned somehow in game, right? Cause that should be the point."
"In 2013 I was suffering from depression and seriously considering suicide, I'm really thankful that there was someone who would just listen to me and could understand me.  I know a lot of people aren't that lucky to have someone like that in their lives, if you are considering suicide, please take this chance to talk to someone who will just listen and understand you.  I'm so happy that I didn't kill myself, I have a life now that I can't imagine giving up.  I know how hard it is, but please reach out, someone will hear you.  "
"&gt; Less skill - Uh... really? Neither DotA nor League have map objectives or mercs. To be totally honest, I'm utterly unconvinced this is true. Team experience also allows for some significantly more difficult heroes like Abathur and Lost Vikings to exist, without the proximity XP system of League and DotA mucking it up. Matches in HotS force players out of their comfort zones all the time, and being unable to prioritize and react when that happens results in failure for your team.

I'd say Roshan is a pretty big map objective in Dota that people have to constantly be aware of and play around. You can't disregard the jungle either just because they don't push lanes after you kill them. They're still an important part of the map that give xp and gold when you kill them. Plus heroes like Chen or Enchantress have abilities based on taking control of creeps and using them to help your team. Holding up The Lost Vikings as some sort of complex mechanic that other MOBAs can't match because of the xp system when Meepo exists is laughable as well. 

&gt;I think it's a little funny how people claim the game is much less complex, yet if you take the typical DotA/League laning strategies into HotS you will probably lose the game because you're not reacting to global map events. And this happens in low level games. All the time.

Obviously using pretty specific strategies from another game would not end well in HotS. Having to use a different strategy doesn't mean the HotS is more complex however. Go is obviously more complex than checkers but if you take your go stragety into checkers you're obviously going to lose. That doesn't somehow mean checkers is more complex.

Being less complex is not an insult. It's a very fun game and it certainly has its place in the market but it's not as complex as some other MOBAs because it wasn't meant to be. "
"I agree that it started off pretty slow.  The bulk of the first few scenes don't really do much other than confirm what most players should already suspect.  Also fanservice.  However, about halfway through, things get *very* interesting.  As for the last 10 minutes... if anyone thought the devs had no chance of ever matching the Ep2 finale, you were wrong.  It's different, but it's insanely compelling in its own way.

The gameplay was much better.  The puzzles were much more solid and better thought out this time.  Search sequences either give you meaningful hints based on the nature of what you're looking for (i.e., no bottle scene) or present the search as a natural investigation for clues where there's plenty of meaningful information everywhere.

The thing about choices is that some of the potential choices in Ep3 are actually ""result states"" rather than deliberate choices you may have made in this episode.  As one example, [Spoiler](#s ""deciding whether Chloe or Frank gets the gun may not even be presented to the player in Ep3.  It only comes up if Frank takes the gun in Ep2 and the player finds it in the RV in Ep3.  If Chloe keeps the gun in Ep2 or if the player fails to find the gun in Ep3, the player won't even have a decision to make in Ep3 even though the result is probably very important."")  In this way, your past decisions are influencing what choices you even have the potential to make, and not all major decisions are placed in a freeze-frame plot-point where you can't miss them.

All in all, I'm incredibly excited for Episode 4.

I've said this before, but I *strongly* recommend not waiting until this game is finished to pick it up and play it.  There's a ton of world detail and mystery in the air, and running through it beginning to end all at once is a surefire way to miss a ton of stuff."
"The blips and boops truly invoke a sense of wonder and discovery. It shows the emptiness of space with somber themes, and drives the combat with its more chaotic battle pieces. Truly a working soundtrack. "
"The last few Need for Speeds have just been ... decent. After Criterion took over, they became this weird hybrid of Need for Speed and Burnout mechanics but not as good as either franchise should be. Both franchises have their strengths and trying to combine them doesn't work well at all.

I want another Most Wanted (2005)/Underground/Underground 2. That type of game with crazy car customization seems to have disappeared. I want to be able to pimp all sorts of rides and really make my own personal vehicle to stand out.

But with modern EA ... even if they made a competent Need for Speed that went back to the feel of older games, I feel like it would be filled with microtransaction crap that would ruin it. Well, the last few games DLC plans weren't totally obnoxious so maybe there's some hope. "
"Yeah, good on them. Life Is Strange, certainly in the last two episodes, has dealt with some pretty heavy topics (no specifics for fear of spoilers). There are things that happened and choices I made that did really fuck with my head for hours after I got done with the episodes. There are characters I can really easily relate too and see a lot of myself in. There are certain characters who others might see themselves in or relate too and things that happen may touch a very sensitive nerve. Cultivating a community of support is a nice gesture on the part of Dontnod to go along with a pretty responsible handling of some sensitive subject matter."
"I don't mind losing hard games 9/10 times. What I hate are complete stompfests that are over within 30 minutes. Or long, drawn out Techies games but that is a different matter...."
"Not even could.  They already have been imported.

The entire Magic cardbase is in the game workshop."
"Honestly? I don't mind it, Capcom has a great catalogue of games on themselves, best strike on them while the iron's hot and it might give them some ideas on what people want in newer games, no more of this silly ""me too"" mentality to try and cash in on ""trends"" or what other succesful games have done"
"I don't think they're equating the game with making people suicidal. It's just a resource for people who recognize some of what they're dealing with in the game. Society's fault, but society can be reflected through games, so."
"I find it kinda funny when people say they should take it back to it's ""roots"" meaning Underground, when it's actual roots were a lot closer to what we have now...

Does anybody remember Hot Pursuit? Or HP2? High-Stakes?"
"There seems to be a certain art to background music in games. It needs to be fun to listen to without utterly dominating the scene but instead enhancing everything you see and do, something pretty tricky to do. FTL's soundtrack pulls this off perfectly.

Not really sure it's something I would listen to on its own, but when combined with... well, doing just about anything, it just seems to make things better. One of my favourite soundtrack to just have playing in the background as I do other things, effortlessly making everything just a little bit more interesting."
"Steam indicates I've logged 92 hours in this game. I blast the music every time I play. It's pretty fantastic, especially as a (seemingly at least) 8-bit score. "
"My thoughts exactly. High Stakes/Road Challenge is actually my favourite in the entire series and I even have it installed and working on this system with the original disc. I didn't like the change to what I would call ""Ricer"" street racing very much, though I thought they were OK."
"The thing about customizing the cars in Underground 1/2 for me was that I would never be able to have one of those cars in real life, and that at the time, Fast and Furious was becoming a thing for me, I was 11 years old, so you can imagine how little me would react to a game where you could make your door open upwards. If they do Underground 3, I'm gonna be happy af"
"Morpheus seems doomed to fail, just because it is going to be limited by the PS4. You need lots of power for VR, and I fear it will just end up like their other add ons, with these first party titles making nothing but shovelware just like the crap we saw with the kinect. "
They'll develop for that hardware. The frame rate and resolution will be too priority with graphical fidelity taking a backseat. We'll most likely see some stylized games coming out for it. 
"Because of that trailer I thought for a long time that this was some sort of joke product, like goat sim or that surgeon game."
"In my opinion, with video games being an ""escape"" of sorts, I'd hazard a guess that people prefer a fantasy setting.

Take the Elder Scrolls series. They borrow from various cultures and create their own world. 
"
"I think people confuse simple with shallow, and complex with deep. I personally feel like I have more interesting strategic choices to make in a Heroes game than a LoL game (where I used to spend countless hours)."
"Subject to DMCA takedown.  Some card game devs (Cards Against Humanity) don't mind having their games copied to TTS.

*edit* Corrected misinformation and double meaning. "
"I've owned every NFS game on PlayStation 2 and a couple on PS3 and PC. (Some games overlap.) I skipped games I never played. 

- **Hot Pursuit 2** is arguably my favorite NFS game to date. The PS2 version was slightly different from other consoles and PC; the graphics and physics were nicer, but there were less cars and tracks. The sense of speed was perfect for this arcade racer, and the graphics were amazing for 2002. Being a cop, as well as being chased by them, made this game very entertaining.

- **Underground** diverged from the roots of the series, but it was a great game in its own right. the Fast and Furious craze was a huge part in its development, making it stand out from other racing games. The storyline was cheesy, but the gameplay was still enjoyable. There were no police chases in this game, in spite of the boy-racer culture of import tuners, customization, and stunting. The night setting with glowing lights was an interesting aesthetic.

- **Underground 2** expanded on everything laid down by the previous game. The game took place in an open world city rather than just premade courses, which enabled some new mechanics, like outrun. There were more cars, way more customization options, and performance tuning was more than just installing parts - you could adjust your gear lengths, ride height and dampers, brake bias, etc. This game takes my second favorite sport from the series.

- **Most Wanted** is beloved by many for being the ""perfect"" NFS game. This game also takes place in an open world map, but during daylight instead. Exotics like Porsches and Lamborghinis returned, along with muscle cars like the Mustang and Corvette. There were less customization options than the previous games, but police chases were back, being a significant part of the game. The map had a bit more interaction, like the ability to destroy scaffolding and gas stations to take out cops, and cars now had a damage model. I've spent hours in this game instigating police chases at most wanted level, just to see how long I last.

- **Carbon** is like a blend between Most Wanted and the Underground subseries. The map was an open world city roughly the same size as Most Wanted, but takes place at night. Cars were now categorized distinctly as tuner, muscle, or exotic, and the different classes had very different handling characteristics. Game mechanics were more or less the same as Most Wanted, but the new turf wars aspect was interesting: Winning races in specific parts of the map let you take control of the region, giving you more respect, and you win the game by controlling the whole city (wish this was implemented better). Also, there were canyon races, likely based off of Initial D.

- **Prostreet** departed from the illegal street racing and cop chases of the previous games and focused on track days. Some people were upset with the change, but the game wasn't terrible. The physics were altered and damage models were improved, but the cheesy storylines the series was known for since Underground remained. The game had the similar ""bro"" culture of Dirt 3, which I didn't particularly like. The game came out around the time when the PS3 and XB360 were big, so the PS2 version of the game was a garbage port.

- **Undercover** was the last, and worst, NFS game on PS2; The port was made by a completely different developer: the graphics were worse than games from the early 2000s, and most content from the proper game was cut. It was a whole different game on PS3. The game went back to open world street racing, but with you as an undercover cop. Although the story was the main focus of the game, it ended up being the worst one of the series. Consequentially, the gameplay and mechanics suffered. The ""heroic"" physics engine was amusing for a bit, but it was inferior to previous handling physics. Customization was similar to Carbon, but the ability to purchase cars and parts with real money was a big turn-off.

- **Shift** deviated the most from the previous games. It shifted ^ayy to straight up track racing, GRID style. The physics were the most ""simmy"" of the series while still keeping customization similar to Carbon and Prostreet. I've only played this game for a couple hours since I never owned it, so that's all I can say.

- **World** was an interesting game in that it could've been one of the best NFS games released. It was basically Most Wanted and Carbon combined (the maps from both games were attached to each other), the physics and mechanics were the same as the mentioned games. Unfortunately, it was ruined by the free2play pay2win business model. The game basically forced you to pay real money to enjoy it on the same level as retail games. For example, the Golf R32 from Carbon cost $40,000 in game cash (which took a few hours to achieve), and the same car in World ranged from $225,000 IGC (few weeks of just grinding) to 1300 Speedboost currency (couple dollars). Obviously the game wasn't fleshed out in favor of cheap microtransactions. It was a shame, because the car list was the most expansive of all the games. Apparently the game is shutting down in a few months.

- **Hot Pursuit (2010)** While it wasn't on the same level as the original, it was still fun. The game went back to racing supercars and running from cops in an exotic setting, but added some new mechanics. The game took place in an open world, per se, though all events were predefined courses. The graphics were pretty and the gameplay simplistic. There was no customization, just like the previous Hot Pursuit, but instead there were ""weapons."" Both racers and police had abilities like spike strips, EMP shots, and jammers to fight against opponents with. Although I wasn't a fan of the dumbed down handling, it was fun enough that I bought it on both PS3 release day and later PC. This was also the last NFS game I played.
"
"I was shocked how good the music was on my first playthrough.

40+ hours later, my interest in the game has waned significantly. I went back briefly for the Advanced edition, which is great, but overall I'm pretty done with it. But I still pop on the soundtrack every once in a while when I need some background music for working on something, etc.. It's SO good. Completely transcended the game for me."
"I feel like I'm the only person who absolutely loved Most Wanted 2012. While it's true that the name completely screwed the game from the get-go (since it had next to nothing to do with Most Wanted 2005), it's still a really fun little game with some neat ideas. I loved the blend of Burnout and NFS mechanics, the sound design was gorgeous, and I still admire the bold move to make ~70% of the car list available from the start. 

Oh, and it had the best handling model, bar none, of any of the NFS games. Probably the nicest, weightiest arcade handling ever devised. 

As for the new game, come on, we all know it's Underground 3. I just hope they recognize what made the old UG's great and don't attempt to shoehorn in Alldrive (the always online shit from Rivals) or the Frostbite engine again. "
"Valve cares and will remove games that receive DMCA takedowns. I believe /u/DotaDingus meant the makers of the board/card games with ""devs"", as in ""Some companies don't care that their games are on the Steam Workshop""."
"I really liked how in Crysis on easy difficulty, all the guards spoke English, but on the more difficult settings they spoke Korean."
HoN was a good game =/ It was 'leagues' ahead of the early League of Legends builds they were competing with. They just chose the wrong business model and got overshadowed by Dota 2.
"The grind in HotS is too real. And then you have to pay what, $50 for three heroes and skins? Fuck that noise. Blizzard has two of the worst F2P models in this game and Hearthstone.

In Hearthstone it is practically impossible for anyone to get into the game now unless they grind thousands of hours or pay exorbitant amounts because of how Arena won't reward you with the normal card pack. Good luck getting most viable cards in the game without spending hundreds(of hours or dollars).

And HotS manages to be even worse. Why don't enough people give Blizzard shit for their pay-tons-to-play model?"
Surgeon Simulator may be silly but it's legitimately fun and challenging. Give it a go next time it's on sale. 
"HoN would have been so much popular if it didn't end its open beta and go buy2play around the same time league went open beta. 

My wow guild at the time had like 12-15 people play hon regularly before and after raids. Then they all moved to league when HoN ended its beta. 

edit- I guess league was actually out for a couple months, wasn't a beta. Which is weird because I remember trying league and the controls being terrible, which they later fixed/changed."
"Having each hero behind a paywall (either grind or real-money) is the first-most reason I don't like this game. Coming from HoN and then Dota, I just want an even playing field.

People from League of Legends who support this model tend to justify that you only play a handful of heroes anyway, and then you get really good at those. I guess that's fine and all, but it gets tedious and being unable to counter-pick an enemy hero (because I haven't paid €5 to unlock) gets frustrating.

I honestly think it's a joke that Blizzard are trying so hard to push this game as a competitive E-Sport, but the playing field is uneven as heroes are locked (not to mention there's less depth to the game, thanks to Hero Builds &amp; no item shop). "
If people are playing Magic through this instead of buying the cards or the official games then I guess you could argue they're losing sales due to it.
"I'm a very casual Dota2 players (490 hours played according to Steam) but haven't played in the past year or so. I've played around 600 matches of HoTS so far.

To my very casual mind who don't really care how deep/shallow/complex a game is as long as it's fun, HoTS just feels more fun to me. Game is shorter, constant teamfights competing for map objectives, lots of amazing comebacks, map varieties, and so on.

I tried playing Dota2 again last week during battle.net maintenance downtime and I just couldn't enjoy the game anymore. Playing the game now feels like a big chore to me.

Not saying that Dota2 is a bad game but it's just a very very different beast compared to HoTS. Think of Dota2 as Virtua Fighter (which is considered as one of the deepest and most difficult fighting game out there) while HoTS is Smash Bros."
"I think the issue there is on the Polygon editor, as when playing a game thats basic ""thing"" is its heavy choices and consequences, it wouldn't really have its weight if it spoiled things as they happened, the editor probably should have realized a game with heavy choices might not be for her."
"for me, much of the difference *is* in the interactions, which i would call part of mastering your hero. in hots, the interactions don't seem to matter so much because the abilities are all normalized. calling for cc is probably going to get you a stun/slow/silence for a short duration, pretty much regardless of who's casting it for you. in dota, it matters what hero is casting the spell. if it's bane, he might sleep your target, meaning that you'll get slept if you right-click it, so you have to engage with a spell or get him to cancel it. if you're playing tiny, you probably want to throw your magnus into the fight, and not your zeus. the list goes on. 

on top of that, in terms of your own hero, you've got to know:

- the damage types on all of your spells 
- whether they pierce magic immunity 
- whether they're purgable, and if so, by which kinds of purges
- what your hero synergies are 
- counters to your hero 
- what your farm priority/position should probably be
- any of several item builds that you might want to pick depending on how you're doing, and what your item timings will ideally look like
- how to jungle with your hero (if possible)
- are ancients affected by your spells?
- is roshan?
- etc.

plus, all the heroes play differently, because they all have very significantly different base stats: turn rate/base attack time/base damage/base stats/stat growth/move speed/attack animations(windup/backswing, notably). this kind of thing seems to be more normalized in both league and hots, and it gives every hero a more unique 'feel' in dota, at least for me."
"It will probably be similar to Expeditions Conquistador, which feels a lot like a mix between Icewind Dale, Heroes of Might and Magic and Xcom with some survival elements and resource gathering. It's a turn based combat strategy rpg, i think, also has a lot of story interaction, like most old isometric games. "
"Absolutely excellent news. Given that tactics games and tactical RPGs  took a sharp decline during the last two generations (with most of the old series getting sent to pasture on handhelds) it's good to see PC getting them anew. I expect the exploration aspect of it to be similar to Conquistador, but instead of Christianizing Mesoamerica I suppose we'll be hopping from British/Irish villages and scorching them. "
"I find it odd that in the UK at least, the number for support is a premium number. I wonder how awkward it is when someone calls up, saying they are considering suicide to escape their crippling debt."
"https://youtu.be/Zm2sLLn7Ijo?t=10m44s

The chaperone system is used to indicate the borders of your moveable space within SteamVR. Once set up, you'll see the borders inside VR too so that you don't trip over your own furniture."
"&gt; No denial or last hits - but towers have ammo stocks that can be exhausted if you are proactively pushing the minions up to your enemy's front line

Not even close. If all, this is the tool which makes the game go faster. Comparing it to keeping the lane equlibrium, push-time, correct denies and last hits, camp-pulling, pulling through, creep block?

&gt; No items - but heroes have talents with arguably more significant changes to how the hero plays, including new active abilities

Arguably indeed. You can the hero in Dota performing different roles, going for different items all the time. Some of the items counter enemies, buy-orders give you a choice, if you want to silence your opponent or burst him down.

&gt; Less skill - Uh... really? Neither DotA nor League have map objectives or mercs.

Of course they don't, however rune-contesting, warding\dewarding, stacking neutral camps, ancient-camp contest, spawn-block, roshan. The whole ability to spot a smoke-gank due to having better warding, than enemy is already quite an objective in a map-control war.

&gt; Team experience also allows for some significantly more difficult heroes like Abathur and Lost Vikings to exist, without the proximity XP system of League and DotA mucking it up.

Meepo, techies, lone druid, invoker... if things are done right, the heroes, which are located far from the ""action"", but still take a part in it DO get xp and gold.

&gt;Matches in HotS force players out of their comfort zones all the time, and being unable to prioritize and react when that happens results in failure for your team.

Just like Dota and LoL on med-high skill level and higher?

&gt; I think it's a little funny how people claim the game is much less complex

It is, it's just not a problem for some. Many people actually look for a bit more forgiving game and they are right in their search. If they don't feel comfortable to look for so many things going on, they just won't enjoy the game and the games are played for fun. It is NOT bad that the game is less complex. It's just different type of the game. No idea why is it viewed as a negative side. A lot of people don't play DotA and LoL due to their complexity.

&gt; yet if you take the typical DotA/League laning strategies into HotS you will probably lose the game because you're not reacting to global map events

If you take the typical HotS laning strategy into DotA\LoL, you will probably lose the game. Just due to other reasons... This statement of yours compares different games. OF COURSE THEY DIFFER, jeez. I'm not bringing my Cooking Mama skills into I Wanna Be the Guy..."
"For me, it was one of those games that I might have not put in as many hours if it had mediocre music. The way it faded in and out of combat was just brilliantly executed by Ben Prunty. Its all amazingly arranged, loved how almost every song has its unique moments and doesn't repeat itself.

My favorite one is probably [Lanius Battle](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mG6Ys2opFD0), the way it starts to ramp up at 1:50 to 2:45 is so delicious. The [Last Stand](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quwBEzrwXSU) is really good too, love how it starts right at the start of the sector, kind of giving you the feeling something big is approaching.

I usually categorize video game music like: 
stuff I'll happily pop in in my mp3 &gt; great for background &gt; mediocre/irrelevant &gt; Crazy Bus Title Screen. Got few of FTL songs in my player that I listen from time to time."
"I find it very, very difficult to go back to the stale ""3 lanes, boring 15ish minute laning phase, roam phase, team fight phase, Repeat until victory or your team surrenders."" after getting used to the objective heavy HotS. While I think some objectives need to be toned down massively in their effect on the outcome of the map, it's still very refreshing to have something to do at all points in the game. The unique talents also help a lot, compared to building every ADC the same, every magic carry the same (Okay, the aforementioned with some minor discrepencies), etc. Not being pigeon holed into playing a role you have no desire to play helps as well. (Even if it sucks when your team composition ends up being bizarre, but I'm hoping that'll be fixed either with improved matchmaking or more players)

Yeah, it's not as mechanically complex as the others. But frankly, that's okay with me."
"See, this is how you handle ""triggering"" content, not flipping your shit and demanding it be taken out."
"After 700 hours I realized that you could buy HP regen ring in the sideshop.

If you have no prior Dota experience then 500 hours is still casual, you will suck.

"
"Seems like a game where only a few who have a tremendous amount of time at their disposal can afford to partake in at any reasonably competitive level, or at least the level of non-suckage. "
The game really fucked with my head too. A game has never emotionally drained me like this one does. As someone who does deal with some of the subject matter they touch on I have a lot of respect for not only the fact that they offer support like this but in the game its used properly and they show how serious it is. It's not used to label a character as a stereotype or just a cheap plot point. 
"The Samaritans hotline is not a premium number. It just isn't toll free, meaning if your phone plan has a limit or rate for general calls your phone provider will charge you. Samaritans has *never* charged for their service. They just don't have the resources to pay for fees that the caller's phone provider might send them. This is a very rare problem but the money simply isn't there to help in the cases that it might be. If someone is in crisis and isn't able to contact one of the hotlines please seek help in another way, no matter how bad it may seem there is someone out there that cares about each one of us."
"Only that's *not* the only option left. Help lines don't stop existing because a developer doesn't mention them: they're a well advertised option in a lot of countries. Even for those that aren't, videogames have an extensive content advisory system that details in advance what the player is letting themselves in for: you can always choose not to play games with uncomfortable content."
"So you and your friend get 12 months each? Thats a decent deal, especially for someone who doesn't have any other games yet."
"Well, for one, it has simply the best user interface in the roguelike genre which might seem like a small thing but it **revolutionizes** the gameplay. But apart from the ui, these are some other features:

 Cogmind is not a sandbox game by any measure, but it does handle map content very differently from other non-sandbox roguelikes. Instead of random enemies just sitting/wandering around waiting for the player to come fight them, each robot has a place in a simplified but meaningful ecosystem.

They are actually dynamic parts of a larger community in which each each individual has their own purpose and job. Not only does seeing them carrying out their tasks make the world feel more alive, you can even “become a part of their job” in many ways. Obviously combat robots will attack you when you’re deemed a threat, but you’ll also be sharing the corridors with many robots that aren’t out to do you harm, instead reacting to your actions indirectly as per their routine. 

(Source and more details with pictures: http://www.gridsagegames.com/blog/2015/04/living-dungeon/ )

You can also hack everything including enemies and the levels themselves and reprogram them to do different things.(Source and more details with pictures: 

(
http://www.gridsagegames.com/blog/2015/02/map-intel-information-warfare-revisited/
http://www.gridsagegames.com/blog/2015/01/robot-hacking/
 )

Incredibly complex weapon simulations. (http://www.gridsagegames.com/blog/2014/08/projectile-penetration/ )

You can swap limbs. (http://www.gridsagegames.com/blog/2014/08/robots/ )

Basically, i can go on for hours with examples and you should check out the blog if you want to check those out but the user interface alone makes this game a gem."
"On British TV, Channel 4 especially, they have always had a 'If any of the issues dealt in today's programme affect you or someone close to you please visit our website' even on the most cringiest of soaps.

It's just socially responsible. "
I like the way they decided to go for the M rating. It makes it more authentic. Chloe and Max feel like real teenagers the way they curse and hang around each other.
"I initially dismissed HotS as a cash grab from Blizzard because they ultimately missed out on monetizing the #1 reason to buy WC3 and one of the most popular online games in the early/mid 2000's.  But I gotta admit they've done some neat things with the game.

A diverse map pool is really cool.  I was also initially against shared exp, but it allows for some off-center specialist heroes that bring a certain *depth* to hero pools that you don't really see in other games because of the fundamental design choices in them.

I'm not wholly convinced hots isn't a cash grab though.  The neat stuff aside, gold gain absolutely blows and makes grinding out 6300 ip in LoL look like a joke.  Blizzard definitely wants you to cough up.  The hero requirement restriction for ranked games is brutal given the gold costs and the amount of ""viable"" heroes in a competitive environment.

As far as playerbase goes, I think hots is going to have its own chunk of the moba market.  There's really no way it can't, because it's *just different enough* from the competition that it can draw in from everywhere.  It doesn't have to be better than LoL or DotA - it just has to be fun."
"Both Max and Chloe come off as a bit more idealized than I would have liked in the first episode. Max was kinda how I was in high school and college and Chloe was kinda how I wanted to be at the same time, but the tone was dialed a bit too much toward the ideal versions of the two characters to buy as real. Chloe being all ""I'm a punk rock chick [Spoiler] (#s ""with daddy issues"") , Smoke weed and fuck authority."" was initially exceptionally cringe worthy. But, over the next two episodes [Spoiler](#s ""as it becomes more clear the punk rock chick stuff is a front to deal with depression and some serious abandonment issues"") she became a better and more likable character."
"Oh yeah. Max especially is how every teens would like to be. Art scholarshgip in a high school that is more like a university. How awesome is that?

I was referring to the way they talk to each other. It is also weird how Chloe keeps going on about how punk she is but all the music she listens to is whimsical indie folk like Bright Eyes and Sparcklehorse. They should have licensed at least one punk song or at least had a punky sounding loop to play. Bright Eyes has a punk band called Desaparacidos which would fit perfectly with the rest of the soundtrack in tone."
"http://www.samaritans.org/how-we-can-help-you/different-ways-you-can-get-touch/most-people-phone-us/how-much-does-it-cost-call

I just wanted to make it clear that Samaritans is not charging anyone anything. Samaritans does not see single pence of the cost of that call. It is your telecom provider charging you and with some plans they do not.

"
"Well yeah, they get another console on the market, that's the whole point. It's effectively a $30 discount for the referee and a $30 bonus for the referrer. Nothing wrong with it."
They released a game every year up until 2014. They are releasing a completely new engine this year. 
"Conquistador was one of my favorite underrated games released recently.  I got it for next to nothing and was pleasantly surprised.  The combat system was interesting once you got the hang of it, and the real choice and consequences isn't something you see often in RPGs these days.

That being said, fuck the King of Spain for being a hater because I only brought him 30,000 gold.  "
"TL;DR: The researchers measured a type of behavior that previous studies have associated with activity in the region of the brain (caudate nucleus). Extended use of this region is believed by the researches to reduce the size of the hippocampus, causing an increased risk of Alzheimers. 

Or, in less fuddled terms: The researchers believe gamers are at an increased risk of being associated with an unproven increased risk of an increase risk of Alzheimer's. Seriously.  

This is the most ass backwards study I've ever seen. Instead of testing for (A), they test for (C) + (B)/(A) all to the square root of (X) where they can't prove what any of the variables are or what the final solution is. In other words, it was likely paid for and provided by anti-video game social groups.

*edit: I'd like to add that there's actually another ""an increase risk of"". Increased risk of behavior -&gt; Increased risk of excess use of the caudate nucelus -&gt; increased risk of reduced hippocampus volume -&gt; increased risk of Alzheimer's. And because this study really infuriates me, here is a similar comparison. An increased consumption of nuts causes an increased risk of choking which causes an increased risk of death while driving which causes an increased risk of car crashes killing whole families which causes an increased risk of nut consumption falling world wide. This conclusively proves that eating nuts reduces nut consumption. "
"On the contrary, we thought the opposite.  It is proposed that playing video games (one way to keep the mind active) could help prevent Alzheimer's.  Research is under way, according to this.

http://www.nia.nih.gov/alzheimers/publication/preventing-alzheimers-disease/search-alzheimers-prevention-strategies"
"The setlist is lookin' good, RB4 has a bit of priority for me because of the coop and DLC, but they're really doing a great job here!

* ""[Little Monster](https://youtu.be/ere2Mstl8ww?t=15s)"" - Royal Blood (*fucking finally, here's hoping it's in Rock Band 4 too*)

* ""Disposable Teens"" - Marilyn Manson

* ""In Due Time"" - Killswitch Engage

* ""Move Shake Hide"" - Marmozets

* ""Bones Exposed"" - Of Mice &amp; Men

* ""Diamond Eyes"" - Deftones

* ""Sweet Remain"" - Vista Chino

* ""Shadow Moses"" - Bring Me The Horizon

* ""High Road"" - Mastodon

* ""Strife"" - Trivium"
"Didn't think it was ever going to come. I don't think people should expect much from it though other than it being another flashy Korean MMO. You may like B&amp;S a bit more than most other Korean MMOs, but at the end of the day, it's still a Korean MMO so it has someone of the same flaws that many of them all share. 

However, the big question is, what payment model will it use? P2P, B2P, or P2P. I hope they go with B2P. It's a solid game but I don't think it'll do well in the West with the P2P model.

Edit: According to Massively, it will be F2P."
"It is too early to say anything about this, but damn do I hope it is better than Auto Assault. Trying to shoehorn the MMO class triad of tank/healer/dps into your game just doesn't work when everyone is a car."
"I've seen Trivium live 13 times now. Never once to see them, Only because they opened for every metal band for the longest time. Meh. "
"No, people *are* mean. It's a fact. I play about 3-4 hours of Hearthstone a day, and maybe 1 out of 20 games that I lose, the opponent *doesn't* BM the shit out of me. 

I get 3 or 4 friend requests a week on average from people that want to flame me after losing. That may not seem like much, but that is because of the hoops required to jump through to do it. This trend is a good thing, as toxic players can ruin a game IMHO. Its the very reason I quit LoL last year. I've yet to report anyone in HotS for death threats and I'm ok with that."
Ah I have fond memories of Auto Assault. I've been waiting for something similar for a good long while. 
"I don't know if the PS4 needs a price drop at the rate it is currently selling, but if the Vita drops to 89 dollars that would certainly be a good thing. The Vita has been high priced for far too long in the US, and the price drop would certainly make me consider picking it up. "
"The Vita is priced perfectly, IMO. It's those damned memory cards that need a price drop. And that's coming from someone who bought a 64GB card for my Vita."
"Holy buzzwords title batman. 

I kind of feel games in this genre are doomed to die no matter what. Do you remember D.I.P.R.I.P.? Probably not, it probably lasted a couple months before that was totally empty. 

Hopefully things are a bit different here."
"Honestly that's the only thing holding me back from a Vita/Playstation TV.  I have so many games from Playstation Plus that I have access to, but those damned proprietary cards are ridiculously priced.  At least on PSP you had adapters."
I'd say at 199.99 it's a tad high. 149.99 would make it competitive with the 3DS and would make buying one of their ridiculously over priced memory cards more tolerable. 199.99 would make for a great two game bundle. 
"To each their own but I really hope they stick to what they're doing right now.

Life is Strange has quickly become my favourite game so far."
"&gt; Forty minutes to an hour wasted

Why would a loss be considered ""wasted"" time? That's the wrong approach to the game if you're trying to get better, and only applies if you're just casually playing to kill some time and not because you want to get good at the game, and by that point you should already know that Dota 2 might not be the game for you. 

There's a lot of things that you can learn from a loss. Maybe you didn't keep an eye on the minimap. Maybe you need to practice with that particular hero and learn what to build on it. Maybe the opponents were straight up better than you, and then you can go back and see what they did to win. Or maybe you just threw the game doing something stupid, in which case you learn to never do it again.
"
"Why are you comparing providing help for people who are coping with serious depression or suicidal thoughts with say, people saying that something in PoE was distasteful. 

There's a different way to handle every situation. 

This is the logical way to handle reactions to serious threats to people like depression and suicide and expressing distaste for that dumb poem (which the developers agreed was distasteful) are two completely different things. You're spending too much time on TumblrInAction if you think that people were ""triggered"" by the dumb poem and not just miffed or frustrated. Obsidian didn't need to put up a website, they needed to decide what they did and didn't want in their game. And they decided one way, which people pin on ""crowd pressure"" or them being forced somehow but I think that's overestimating the gravity of the situation greatly.

Depression and suicide have much more serious effects and threats associated with them and Dontnod wants to support people who struggle with them. It's that simple. it's not a reaction to some perceived outrage."
The warthunder devs are awful. They shit in the mouth of all the customers constantly raising prices and increasing the grind. 
"Nope, but you can buy the English PC version [here](http://www.jastusa.com/catalog/product/view/id/346)"
"Kill switch engage is also a band that toured with anyone and everyone back in 2005. I must have seen them 4 times before I knew who they were.  Deftones, and I love them, won't go away no matter what chino does to his vocal chords.  I'm happy to see more Mastodon I'm just sad there are no drums in this game.  Hopefully they are in Rock Band.  "
"$89 for a Vita is way too steep a price drop to be real. I see it more like $120 - $150.

I second them dropping the price on memory cards though. I'd buy a bigger one if they were not so god damned expensive. "
"The fact that Nintendo hired somebody named ""Bowser"" for their marketing department is ridiculously surreal. I feel like this wouldn't be half the story it is here if he had a different name."
"Or better yet, they need to release an adapter that would allow the Vita to accept MicroSD cards. 
It's not so bloody difficult. It's just a Vita memory card with a socket for a MicroSD card - I'm pretty sure it would work just fine since the Vita memory card's dimensions are larger than those of a MicroSD card. 

Of course, such a move would require Sony to openly admit that a product of theirs is flawed, so forget that idea.  "
"They are certainly worse than wargaming. 1400 hour player here, they break something severe every patch, I'm playing tanks this patch and you can ask me what's broken, I'll throw that into the laundry list. They run the forums like a communist congress, if you say one bad thing you're accused of flame wars and banned. Their forum moderators don't even play the damn game. In game mods can ban you for whatever reasons they want. They've ramped up the price for premium in the past months. Everything's become expensive. Russia has become the literal embodiment of bias in tanks. Planes are dumbed down and not unique in RB anymore. It's a shit show over there "
"I'm really digging Dontnod. Their games are flawed, but different and have a lot of passion behind them. This is a great gesture. I'm so glad they got to keep making games despite the poor sales of Remember Me."
"If any commercial product is worthy of using Doc Brown, its Arduino. But I'll settle for Lego Dimensions. "
"Which didn't get them very far. 

The 3DS XL supports MicroSD cards, and it made a lot more money, in addition to managing to avoid being hacked for a good while. Consequently, it also has a bigger lineup of games. 
So... Sony managed to keep the pirates away, but as a direct result, the product they provided was of lower quality and lesser revenue than it could have been if they would have simply made their product more appealing.

The futility and foolishness of aggressively fighting piracy is summed up very well by this gif: http://img0.joyreactor.com/pics/post/gif-piracy-EA-608909.gif"
"I really got in to War Thunder. Probably the first legitimate flight Sim I stayed with for a long time. But fuck, Gaijen really tries to piss you off. Adding a ton of shit no one cares about, making everything Russian OP and refusing to share molding data about their characteristics, premium price gouging, not fixing stuff before introducing new broken things, it goes on. I won't play anything by them again."
"That Noonwraith at the well quest early on was 1000% more immersive than any quest I've done in any other open-world game, including main quests.

It was small, simple, easily ignorable, but it was so well-crafted that it blew me away. I mean they even changed the monster's AI for that one specific instance, to convey that the wraith wasn't a malicious creature. Investigating what was haunting the well, then waiting til noon (I approached the well at night) to wait for her, then investigating what happened to create her, then performing the ritual to exercise her at dusk.

All of the timing was unscripted, there wasn't any stupid ""BOOP NOW IT'S NIGHTTIME BECAUSE THE QUEST LOOKS COOLER THEN"" occurances. Nothing told me to wait for a certain time, I just guessed that since it was almost midnight and Geralt mentions the thing's called a ""noonwraith"", well hey wait til noon! No big huge fanfare to announce THE BATTLE WITH THE WRAITH, no OH MAN LOOK HOW AWESOME YOU ARE, nothing. And it was wonderful.

Also, *I'LL RIP OFF YER MELON AN' SHIT DOWN YER NECK!*"
"Oh man, if only Sony would manufacture a Vita with a standard micro/SD I would buy another in a heartbeat.

I already own one but those friggin memory cards man. I can see why so much people are sitting on the fence."
"Eh, I think the New 3DS has the advantage of having high demand games on it to be at that price. The Vita has no real system sellers on the level of say Pokemon, Zelda, or hell even Fire Emblem. "
"I think your nut analogy is kind of off, since the chain of events involves risk factors which *are actually established in practice, not just conjecture.* Eating nuts *does* result in an increased risk of choking. Choking *does* result in an increased risk of death. Dying *does* result in an increased risk of death at the wheel. Death at the wheel *does* result in an increased risk of killing whole families. The risks are infinitesimal, but they do really exist.

It's more like linking together a series of correlations [like these](http://www.tylervigen.com/spurious-correlations) to get something like ""Increased consumption of margarine leads to an increased risk of divorce, which leads to an increased risk of revenue loss by ice cream novelty producers, which leads to an increased risk of homicides relating to panda bears, which leads to an increased risk of David Bowie and Queen's *Under Pressure* being played more than twice in a 24-hour period on WKLK, the premiere classic rock station in Duluth, Minnesota. This conclusively proves that David Bowie is secretly promoting the margarine industry for increased royalties."""
"I quit War Thunder because the devs are arseholes and the grind is getting worse all the time.

Final straw was losing my beloved flags."
"If RWB really is in NFS, we can expect this to be very similar to Underground.  RWB is a Porsche tuner from Japan, for the people who don't know.  Could this be Underground 3?

http://www.speedhunters.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/markrwb6_1kEZ_0.jpg

RWB 911 (964)"
There's also a Doctor Who set coming. How could they not put Christopher Lloyd and Peter Capaldi in the ad together?
"Latest the Official page in Germany of NFS has answered this post , said ""Yes , in Underground"" probably ensure it's gonna be U3"
"I feel you a tiny bit on the punk thing. Punk/DIY is a lot bigger than the genre now though. I feel like they were going for an indirect reference to culture and style and attitude than to the music specifically. Still, it did feel a bit strange to have Chloe say ""let's thrash"" to a slower indie rock song.

I like how the soundtrack is put together though."
"It's EAs subscription service. Pay either 5 bucks a month or 30 a year and you get access to a bunch of EA games (all the sports games, BF4, PVZ, new ones added after a game gets old), 10% of all EA games, and free trials of games (usually 6 hours of play 5 days before the game comes out)."
"Same thing happened the other day with curators, I think they are having DB issues or are doing DB maintenance and not bothering to let people know about it."
"&gt; $89 for a Vita is way too steep a price drop to be real.

Not when you consider the market position the Vita is in right now. It's getting absolutely trounced by the 3ds. They need to do something bold and drastic."
"&gt; Hasn't Xbox One started to occasionally overtake them?

Only in NA. Worldwide, PS4 outsells Xbox One quite handily."
"I can understand why they don't want to use standard memory cards after the piracy situation on the PSP. Still though, they should drop the price of the memory cards to be more in line with SD cards."
"My bet is that it's a technical issue on Valve's end.  The review section is still there, and - although a lot of user reviews are shitty - it just doesn't make sense to purge them all and start fresh.  No cause for worry, yet.

EDIT: Reviews are back."
"What doesn't help is that downloading games via wifi is SLOW. AS. MOLASSES. I have no idea what it is, but something makes downloads take forever "
Awesome that guitar hero is adding a lot of metalcore to their setlist. I just don't think it will convince me enough to hop on the new guitar hero ship though. I hope rock band takes note and adds a few songs. 
"Pretty solid trailer. It's basically a rehash of the opening trailer, and I'm pretty excited to see Steins;Gate coming to consoles and reaching a much wider audience. Giving more people the opportunity to experience good VNs is something everyone can benefit from.

I was surprised to see the trailer refer to Mad Scientist Hououin Kyouma by the wrong name, though! It must be to protect his identity from the world at large, lest they be unable to handle his revolutionary genius. ^^^^I ^^^^kid"
"Underground 3 is something I've been waiting for since 2004. If it's actually Underground 3, I'll be ecstatic. "
"I feel like this was done really really late. They sort of said some reasonable stuff, but it's all stuff I've [already heard](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAqWdGk5_Sg). They're just preaching to the choir at this point. It almost felt as if they were really stretching the topic to say something no one had heard before. The bit about making a game using the Elder Scrolls IP or a game using the Creation Kit was so invalid to the argument it was mind boggling.

This whole video seemed to link back to the idea of capitalism: more money = better things, while not even trying to address the implications of paid mods affecting the longevity and possibility of free mods at all. While agree that paying for something results in a better thing, paying for mods would just mean paying for the things we already get. Ultimately there'd be the few developers making bigger budget mods, but a sizeable portion of modders would just be selling the stuff they already make for free. They also seemed to neglect to mention that 75% isn't for Bethesda, rather 45% is.

All-in-all, it's a lot of stuff we've already heard and they're incredibly late to the party."
"If the PS4 drops a little bit my cheap ass might finally be able to justify buying one. So I hope it does, all this Witcher hype has me really wanting to play it..."
"I imagine that the philosophy is ""in a first-person game, you care most about what your character is doing"", and ""in a third-person game, you care most about what is happening to your character"".

Sebastian's reactions to being attacked, knocked down, threatened, warped from place to place, and so on, make it more about seeing him scramble for his life versus his domination of the enemy. Even gameplay things like seeing how damaged (and therefore fast) Sebastian is, or the state of the crossbow's readiness, and so on."
"*Evil Within* is one of my favourite games, but I still think I'll wait for the ""season pass"" to go on sale."
"I am quite certain they made their own memory cards to get more revenue. They cut the price of the VITA to compete and had to get some replacement revenue from memory cards.

The prototype VITAs took microSD and Sony cards (M2 or the VITA specific, I don't remember which)."
"But there's no point in selling it if you can't make money on it. $89 is too low, they'd lose money. And with VITA owners getting such a high percentage of their games from PS+, they wouldn't have an easy way to make it back in game sales."
"Turn off that WiFi power saving option.

http://www.reddit.com/r/vita/comments/2cn7tp/use_wifi_in_power_save_mode_was_this_option/

It makes your WiFi super slow to save power. Turn it off and it goes to a more normal speed."
"She's really from Iceland. Her accent was actually even heavier than that, but we did a lot of takes to make sure everything was understandable.

Source: I directed the recording in the studio ;)"
"thats actually a pretty cool idea, especially for a company with the revolving door genre of sports games"
"Forget price drop, can Sony please put 5GHz WiFi on the PS4 this year? Having only 2.4GHz WiFi on PS4 is completely ridiculous in this day and age.

You're running an online store vending 15GB games and then putting a WiFi interface on the PS4 which is lucky to crack 30mbits/sec."
"&gt; That being said, fuck the King of Spain for being a hater because I only brought him 30,000 gold.

Here, now you're only out 29,999 gold."
"&gt; Chloe keeps going on about how punk she is but all the music she listens to is whimsical indie folk like Bright Eyes and Sparcklehorse.

So just like a lot of teenagers in real life."
"The price of those memory cards definitely need to go down. However MicroSD cards have multiple manufacturers and therefore a lot of competitive pricing and when it comes to the Vita memory cards the only manufacturer is Sony themselves. 

Similar pricing between the memory cards is very unlikely due to proprietary licenses and production costs and Sony being Sony."
"The saddest part is that there is a great game buried underneath all the shit, but Gaijin makes you pay for it.

Also, as horribly xenophobic and racist as this sounds (and it indeed is) I have learned not to trust Russian devs on *anything*. They make broken mods, glitchy games, and grindy MMOs or F2Ps. Yet almost all of them have great ideas buried in that mound of broken turds."
"Both. The anime is a fantastic adaptation of the VN but the VN offers more choices and has different endings.

The VN opening is also way better in my opinion."
"There have been multiple times where I was about to pull the trigger on a Vita, looked up the price of memory cards, and just cleared my cart and forgot about it. I have a New 3DS XL now. It uses micro SD cards. Get your shit together Sony. "
No kidding? Most people who suffer from Alzheimer's are too old to have played any significant amount of video games anyways.
"Interesting. So my biggest things I've noticed with the game so far are that it's really flashy and hard to follow what's going on and that the movement speed is really slow. It has the movement speed akin to walking in Battlefield. It's way slow for what the game is. I know there are different movement speeds for different characters, which is fine, but just from watching that I'd say the whole lot needs a bit of a boost.

McCree seems like a pretty cool character. He's one of the only ones I liked thematically. Six shooters are rad and the Wild West feel is super cool. The only thing I will say is that it seems like his Ult is a bit useless. It requires the entire team to be distracted and not even know you're there like what happens around the 4 minute mark, which I guess is kind of cool. I feel like if they implemented a system where it takes less time the less people you're locking on to it might help a bit, but maybe I'm wrong. It might be completely different once I get my hands on the game."
"Chiming In!  
I don't feel like there is any obligation for NVIDIA to release their source code to AMD. The companies compete and (at least in TW3's case, i can't speak for Project Cars) my moderately low end AMD card (7790) runs TW3 at High quite capably. I have hairworks disabled because it does cause a noticeable frame drop, but it's not like the entire game is based on NVIDIA's GameWorks. Unfortunately i am inclined to believe that AMD didn't give much effort in communicating and optimizing their drivers, as AMD have a pretty poor track record in general regarding the state of their drivers. "
"AMD has enough investment in the gaming industry that they should be defending their stance not simply through PR and Social Media, but throughs strategic partnerships (like getting Battlefield to work on Mantle). If developers are choosing to use a competitor's tools over AMD's and a competitor's co-marketing arm, then maybe AMD should work on a program as compelling.

The biggest and most hotly anticipated game of the season does not work *edit: as well* on their hardware. AMD is big enough and the lead time was long enough that it's on them. Plain and simple. Either they forge a partnership to ensure stability or they swallow your pride and license what's needed.

Trying to drag the entire PC gaming community into their brand pissing match with Nvidia is shitty. It's spiteful and small-minded competition in name only that no one benefits from. Not OEMs, not developers, not fans."
"Oof, his ultimate has serious kill potential. I like this dude overall, seems simple enough to pick up and play. I like the rapid-fire thing he does too."
"I'm aware of the nature of the market. I'm saying that Sony **should** drop the prices, not that they will."
There is no way that Sony is dropping the price of the Vita to $89. It would be nice... but just no way. That's a mistake. 
"Err hey AMD, if it's any consolation, HairWorks knocks about 30FPS off of my 970's performance, too. It's draining on any GPU, not just yours. Which you probably know.

I can't tell if they're incompetent or just trying to make stink where there's no shit - again.

They spend too long flapping their gums and not enough time actually working.  How unlikely is it that their 3xx series cards are going to be disappointing and they're saying all this stuff now so that they have an excuse ready?"
"I use a 32GB SONY microSD ($12) in my N3DS. I know it's not the same department, I just find it funny."
"As far as I can tell Hairworks is just the Nvidia response to TressFX (correct me if I'm wrong here), and much like TressFX it's an optional graphics improvement that you can run if you have the right hardware, unsurprisingly these technologies will be better on their own hardware. Surely competing graphics technologies is good competition."
"I just want that sweet sweet MGS5 edition PS4, bring that to NA and I'll be all over it like Psycho Mantis in a bondage shop."
"I get the impression that The Old Blood is to TNO what Deus Ex: the Missing Link was to DE:HR.  It isn't bad, but it simply ""more.""  

Also, 

&gt;...he will fuck up like a ceiling-mounted fleshlight.

that was a great line."
"You're comparing apples and oranges.

Setting up a support page is the developer preparing for an anticipated reaction by the audience.

""Flipping your shit and demanding it be taken out,"" is an audience reaction.  

It doesn't really make sense for either one to do the other.  Why would the developer flip their shit about their own content, for example? 

That said, I haven't seen anybody flipping their shit and demanding anything be taken out of Life is Strange, have you?  Or are you just taking jabs at boogiemen?"
"They're not really demos in my opinion. Demos are usually a short, limited section of a game that's specifically chosen to highlight the game strengths. EA Access offers 10 hours of access to the full game. You can do whatever you want for those 10 hours."
I mean one could say that you are downloading 15GB+ files so using WiFi to do so is also completely ridiculous. I always go wired for consoles.
"&gt; It's spiteful and small-minded competition in name only that no one benefits from. Not OEMs, not developers, not fans.

Does that not, also, describe Nvidia Gameworks whole program?"
I got you but I just wanted to explain why they haven't done so yet and why it's unlikely for people who aren't in the know.
I use wired also. But not everyone can do that. But 5GHz WiFi can hit 300mbit or more. For most people that's as fast as their internet service is anyway and so it's not a bad option.
"The movement speed as it currently exists is pretty important because it helps curb home field advantage. The defending team has no forward spawn point, so if they die they have a long run back. This is mildly balanced by there being done incredible staying power among the defending team, particularly when you get certain heroes (like Reinhardt [hammer dude] and bastion [turret]) together.

If the move speed was faster, these heroes would be less balance because of their incredible defensive ability. And the attackers would have extreme difficulty in finding a time to hooks the point."
"Copying myself from another thread but...you can get hairworks running with performance boosts! There's a line called ""hairworksAAlevel="" in renderer.ini located in the game directory ""C:\GOG Games\The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt\bin\config\base"" or wherever you installed it. My default value was HairWorksAALevel=8, I changed it to 4. It seems to be anti-aliasing for the hair, but 4 looks good enough with more frames, 2 looks unacceptable imo. I have foliage at medium, shadows at high, AA off everything else maxed and get 50 fps on my OC'd 970. There was also a thread that got hairworks running at 60 frames on a 290 but it's through settings only on an ATI card funny enough.

Edit: [Screenshots](http://imgur.com/a/7mup3)  (2x looks much, much worse in motion)

Edit2: In those shots it's MSI Afterburner's ""On Screen display"" (OSD). If all you want is fps though it's easier to use FRAPS."
"Not to mention start along a path of some PC games being nearly exclusive to certain GPUs like the consoles? 

I get the business aspect from Nvidia. But they're being greedy pricks that are holding the culture back."
This. A Vita TV is $70 right now. A 64 GB memory card to store an appreciable number of games is also ~$70. Utterly absurd.
"The difference, AFAIK, is that while AMD was willing to work with Nvidia to implement TressFX, Nvidia isn't willing to work with AMD to implement hairworks, and they actively stop devs from working with AMD to provide for implementation of gameworks features."
"That translation took a looong time haha. The one that was out before it was unofficial and extremely unprofessional. Like chuunibyo was defined in the glossary as ""pretentious hipster bullshit"" and I think maid cafe was like ""Where virgins go to beat it"" or something like that. 

Everyone randomly cursed a ton too. It was seriously like 25% made up dialogue"
"I'd argue GameWorks is a huge benefit for devs, and fans that have compatible hardware. If you could get cutting edge graphics without spending massive amounts of time writing your own shaders as a dev, I'm sure you'd jump at the chance."
"The first two DLC episodes were everything I wanted TEW to be. Scary, full of suspense, full of atmosphere. They were brilliant. I wished the main game would've been this good."
"To me, it sounds like they took some mechanics from TWO, reused them for TOB, regardless if they made sense, both historically and gameplay-wise. Which in some ways shows that 'more is better' isn't always true.

Also, Yatzhee's german accent is perfect."
"There has been decent games on games with gold, Guacamelee, Rayman, Child of Light, and super time force are all great to me. Not really seeing how offering someone a free subscription to a good service like EA access is cheap either, they want people to buy the console and this is one of the better ways of getting attention. I guess smart marketing is cheap now."
"If you are only getting 50 fps with that, then it's still impacting hard.

I get 50-60 with foilage at medium (only to lessen crashes, I might knock it back up to high since switching to unlimited FPS I've had no crashes), shadows high as well, but also having AA on."
"So his complaint is essentially that, after making a Wolfenstein that was forward thinking and had an interesting story, they went back and made the old Wolfenstein again, but with zero plot investment because you know how it ends.

Loved his german skit."
"As a counter-point, because AMD was open source with *their* technology (Mantle), we are looking at potentially huge performance gains in the next generation of APIs. That's a win for everyone."
"It's not your bullshit 1 hour ecchi Steam VN. It's incredibly long, with multiple endings and a very deep, complex story.

$30 is a bit higher than I would price it, but if the synopsis of the story sounds intriguing, you probably would not regret spending the money on it. "
Worth mentioning I was getting only 40 fps with default hairworks. 10 free frames as far as I'm concerned. 
"I've been wondering, Skylanders was first to market on this idea and clearly gained some major headway over the competition, but with Disney, Nintendo, and now LEGO all clamoring for a piece, how will they compete? Can the Spyro brand *really* pull in enough revenue? I do know that Skylanders is pretty popular with kids, (I work with them) but now every kid wants Disney Infinity or Amiibo too. Will Skylanders make it out unscathed? I guess it depends on the hold they already have on kids."
"AMD does help devs, but they also release stuff to competitors. FreeSync, Mantle (which is the basis for Vulkan and partly DX12), and TressFX are examples of this.

On the other hand, NVIDIA actively prevents PhysX being used not only on but also in conjunction with AMD GPUs. They also don't share GameWorks, they don't share G-Sync, and they don't even plan to support FreeSync."
"I don't understand the problem with Witcher 3.  It's running about the same on both AMD and Nvidia, and the performance isn't great for either of them.

HairWorks has always been a drag on AMD cards due to Nvidia's excessive amounts of tessellation.  AMD was nice enough to put a Tessellation setting in their driver, you can find out more about how it impacts HairWorks in [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/witcher/comments/36jpe9/how_to_run_hairworks_on_amd_cards_without/) thread from /r/witcher.  You can also adjust the HairWorks anti-aliasing through a config edit, which benefits both AMD and Nvidia cards.

This article focuses more on Project Cars."
"[Spoiler](#s ""There's a character in the first and second episode, a girl teased for getting wasted at a party(She thinks her drink was spiked and there's precedent in the story already that may be the case) and making out with a bunch of guys. Very religious type, already feels super guilty about it, and now video of it is online and she's teased about it mercilessly. While not the specific plight I did sympathize with the unending bullying point and tried to be her friend and help her out. But, at a point where she's about to kill herself I wasn't able to help talk her down through a series of choices I made like ignoring a phone call from her earlier or not knowing that her mom had been among those chastising her for the video. She ended up jumping. I felt like a really shitty friend for ignoring her and not knowing her well enough. Seeing as much of myself in the character, and having also been bullied to a point where suicide was considered, was it really hit a depressing and head fucking nerve."")"
"&gt; and they actively stop devs from working with AMD to provide for implementation of gameworks features.

Do you have proof or links to back this statement up?"
"This.

AMD allowed Nvidia to implement TressFX in their drivers. Nvidia GPUs were able to handle TressFX in Tomb Raider just fine after a few months."
"Yeah, I was kind of surprised to see this headline. Kind of like if the headline was ""There is no link between pet ownership and heart disease"". Doesn't seem like a thing you'd need to prove."
This and Nobunaga's Ambition coming to Steam have been the best pieces of news that I've heard all week. 
"I guess it could be taken another way, but this statement by a CDPR developer seems telling:


""Many of you have asked us if AMD Radeon GPUs would be able to run NVIDIA’s HairWorks technology – the answer is yes! However, unsatisfactory performance may be experienced as **the code of this feature cannot be optimized for AMD products.** Radeon users are encouraged to disable NVIDIA HairWorks if the performance is below expectations.""

[Source](http://forums.cdprojektred.com/threads/35278-Nvida-Hair-Works?p=1658427&amp;viewfull=1#post1658427)"
"Strategic partnerships like... having their GPU in every current gen console?

Any PC game that will be released on a console is going to consider optimizing for AMD to do the work once and use it on both platforms. AMD has definitely made strides to push their product into the right places. However, I also agree that they need to work on improving their PC support."
"Pretty shitty journalism here. ""There might be a link between video games and Alzheimers"" becomes ""Call of Duty will give you Alzheimer's"". 

Our newspapers are as awful as ever."
"That's the problem with prequels: the ending is almost never a mystery. It can still be satisfying, but if you played the original, chances are you know what it is and can see it coming."
HairWorks relies on tessellation so the only people who can optimize it is AMD.  The only other way to improve its performance is to lower the tessellation quality.
"Yeah, but I can't the stand constant judder (no gsync monitor here) so I prefer near constant 30 or 60, anything inbetween just judders too much. Mine is 60 for most things, with some fights dropping to mid 50's briefly so the majority of my gameplay is smooth 60."
"It's a mix of all of the above. For $200 you get a handheld that... oh wait, no, need to buy the memory too... so add another $70 or so for a decent-sized memory card... so for $270, you get a handheld that can... play games you've already played through on your PS3.

I mean, don't get me wrong, I love Borderlands, and The Walking Dead Telltale series is good stuff... but I wouldn't want to spend the cost of a new console just so I can play games I already have on another one.

Meanwhile, for roughly half the price, I can get a 3DS that can play multiple unique Mario games, Zelda, Pokémon, Fire Emblem, a whole slew of great Atlus games (yeah, I know, the Vita has a reeeeally nice port of Persona 4... but it's still a port), Bravely Default, Animal Crossing, Mario Kart...

I mean, if we wanted to talk about quality ports, we could go into the remakes of the N64 Zelda games, the remake of Star Fox 64, the half-port/half-original Super Smash Bros., Xenoblade Chronicles, Super Street Fighter IV, Donkey Kong Country Returns, the Monster Hunter games...

But as far as actual Vita-exclusive content, the Vita has 13 exclusives with a 80+ Metascore compared to 28 on the 3DS - that is, not counting remakes, ports, or multiplatform games.

The Vita is too damn expensive with far too few worthwhile exclusives. It's the whole package of badness... despite that the actual handheld itself is rather nice. Too bad Sony has done such a poor job handling it."
"&gt; I'm getting kind of tired of AMD crying that Nvidia is picking on them. Nut up and work with some developers yourself and get better drivers out.

AMD worked with Nvidia to allow their cards to run TressFX, and have released Mantle to everyone while Nvidia tells AMD to fuck off and wont allow them to integrate Hairworks. Who needs to nut up and work with developers? Get your facts straight before spouting bullshit."
"Competition is good... but that kind of competition is toxic and anti-consumer. The end result would be that most games would run significantly better on one GPU brand or another, rather than running as best as it can on both. Your library of games would be split into red and green catagories."
Try giving them a call again. I would be cautious to attribute to malice what can easily be attributed to stupidity (not knowing the phone system very well) or poor infrastructure. 
"&gt; The saddest part is that there is a great game buried underneath all the shit, but Gaijin makes you pay for it.

Right, if they released the game as like $30 game, I'd buy it. But this pay to win shit just makes me not care."
"Skylanders is no longer just the spyro brand. They've established their own universe and characters, many of which are even more well known than spyro now."
"I have an Nvidia 970 in one PC, and an AMD R9 290 in another, which typically performs slightly worse in benchmarks. However the AMD build can run Witcher 3 with everything ultra at 1440p PERFECT (edit: 45 FPS, ok perfect too strong a word but still...) as long as hairworks is off. I never see a dip in FPS, it's very steady. Why do I keep reading people saying that the game doesn't run well on AMD hardware? Runs pretty close to the same on my Nvidia 970.

Not to mention AMD's game specific driver hasn't even been released yet for Witcher 3 (supposed to happen this week)"
"A good point, but I can't see *any* of the Skylanders characters being more well known than Batman, Mario, or Elsa."
"I really don't feel that performance on AMD cards in The Witcher 3 is bad at all. If you have HairWorks on sure, it tanks the FPS pretty bad, but HairWorks doesn't run well on NVIDIA hardware. I'm getting around 50fps at 2560x1440 High settings, Ultra Textures, all Post Processing effects on with a single 290X. Just waiting for CrossFire support and I should be able to run Ultra settings no sweat.

I don't like GameWorks, not only because it tends to run worse on AMD hardware, but because GameWorks games tends to run worse _in general_. What game using GameWorks has actually had a smooth launch with no issues on either brand? "
"&gt; If developers are choosing to use a competitor's tools over AMD's and a competitor's co-marketing arm, then maybe AMD should work on a program as compelling.

Yes, let's fight proprietary anti-consumer bullshit with more proprietary anti-consumer bullshit. Can't see anything going wrong there.

Maybe we can have AMD exclusive games and Nvidia exclusive games! I've always wanted the console wars in my PC!"
"Yes, the only people who can optimize it is AMD, unfortunately Nvidia will not provide the code that needs to be optimized to them. 

It is like somebody asking you to modify the design of their new car to make it more stable, but you are not allowed to see the car nor the blueprints."
"&gt; Any given game is going to run marginally better on one card over another. I'm an ardent linux supporter and even I'll tell you that the idea of a totally open and level playing field is a fantasy.

I'm not saying there should be a ""level playing field"". What I am saying is that if AMD starts emulating Nvidia's strategy of pushing a suite of proprietary middleware, then it won't end well for consumers. GPU makers can be competitive in ways that don't actively degrade the experience of those who use competitor's products."
"Either way, the gameplay and brand loyalty is what determines it in the end. Picking up a new one of these toys to life type games is a large investment. Lots of people are sunk into skylanders and enjoy it. Look at how Disney Infinity did against skylanders even though disney characters are really well known. They did not do very well in comparison"
"I'm right there with you. Let's hope some more interesting games come soon as well, I don't want to buy a $300+ console just so I can play remakes and remasters of old games."
"Ah, the good old appeal to capitalism. Somehow never includes any statements on whether any of that is good for us, the gamers, whose interests *we* are supposed to represent."
[This is apparently a problem for people even with 60 fps and a gsync monitor](http://forums.cdprojektred.com/threads/37181-Strange-movement-camera-judder-effect-on-PC). Maybe it will be addressed in a patch.
"To be fair, Ground Battles were really great in Beta before they amped up the amount of grinding you have to do. If it wasn't for their price gouging and grinding frustrations I'd play more...but man I don't have time to grind for hours upon hours, and I'm not giving them another penny to support their shitty game design decisions."
"&gt; It's funny you bring up the console wars, as AMD has that entire market on exclusive lockdown. Has for years.

LOL what?? The PS3's GPU was Nvidia, AMD only managed to get both MS and Sony consoles this new generation."
"I am playing on a OC'd 7950, which is now a 3~ year old card, and im running this game at 50fps avg outside and 60fps avg inside on high settings for everything except shadows (medium) and AA on. But as soon as i turn hairworks on it drops to about half that, but you dont need hairworks for the game to look good. This game has been running really well and has ran way better for me than gtaV does."
"Is it just me, or do the weapons seem kinda big for the screen? If we draw a line from the cross hair to the bottom right corner, 85% of it is the weapon or characters arm. I understand they want to show off the animations, but it seems to be taking up too much screen space."
"I like how you don't say ""Can Lego make it in this saturated market?"", because if anyone can sell toys, it's fucking Lego. Truth be told here, yeah, I expect that all 3 product lines will be OK. We're talking about the market of children here. The biggest limiting factor is what their parents are willing to buy for them. When I was a kid, it was never a question of which toy did I want, it was which one did I want *most*. I honestly see this whole toy/video game linkup as probably a whole new market for toys.

Of the three, Disney probably has the weakest product (~~it's limited to just skylanders~~), but they're by far the strongest company of the three. It won't die until they want it to die. Kids are easy to market to, and Disney owns a media empire. They know marketing and have all the right tools to sell products to kids."
"&gt; I get the impression that The Old Blood is to TNO what Deus Ex: the Missing Link was to DE:HR. It isn't bad, but it simply ""more."" 

You take that back.  The Missing Link was easily better than many of Human Revolution's levels (especially the 3rd act) and didn't include any of those shitty boss battles.  It was built around stealth and pacifism."
"AMD's TressFX 2.0/3.0 runs fine on AMD and Nvidia hardware because the source code was provided to both the developers and Nvidia.

Nvidia's Hairworks runs very poorly on AMD and kinda poor on Nvidia because the source code isn't provided (if it is provided it apparently can't be tampered with by the dev) to the game developers and AMD.

Obviously the TressFX situation is better for Gaming. Devs can integrate the code better and make their game run more efficiently and consumers don't get burned because they made a different hardware choice.

However Nvidia is under no obligation to provide it. The devs make the choice to license the GameWorks library and they should know the performance consequences. Things like HairWorks are optional and can be turned off so if it does harm performance it can be avoided.

The problem arises when things can't be turned off and AMD is forced to run inefficient code. That turns into the [Intel Compiler Fiasco](http://www.anandtech.com/show/3839/intel-settles-with-the-ftc) which ended up with Intel getting fined $1.5 billion for sabotaging AMD CPU performance and one of the main reasons AMD ended up in the sate they are in now."
"Oh boy, some people are really angry. Sigh.

**Just so it's clear to everyone: Yes Dan is messing with you, he know what Half-Life is. They are just really comitted to the joke. The man writes about video games for a living. For crying out loud.**

In case anyone need proof, Dan played through the game when he was at GameInformer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnlraox_mxI"
I'm glad to hear that. I also asked clarification regarding the quality of Nobunaga Ambition for PC and they told me it should be on par to PS4.
"TressFX runs about as well on Nvidia cards as it does on AMD cards, because AMD provided the source code to Nvidia so they could optimize it."
"[The picture](http://i.imgur.com/CYb5jdm.jpg) for anyone who can't get on facebook. The biggest thing to take away from this is that these are aftermarket rims, some thing we haven't seen in a NFS title  in a long long time. Very possible this is an Underground title."
"&gt;Is it just me, or do the weapons seem kinda big for the screen? 

I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but that comment is in literally every Overwatch related-post I've seen here on reddit. Along with the usual ""the fov is too small""-complaints. Personally I think the gun models look fine. It is at least something I never would have noticed unless someone pointed it out. Then again, I think a FOV of 60 is perfectly fine, so maybe I'm a bit of an outlier in that regard."
"You can also set up a witcher3 profile in catalyst control center. Set tesselation mode to ""override application settings"" and then set your maximum tesselation level to something over 4x (4x and 2x look shit).
I'm running 16x with hairworks on in Witcher 3 and am getting a steady 50-55fps on Ultra with a 290x."
"They are complaining that nvidia is purposely hindering them from helping improve performance on AMD cards. 

""...unsatisfactory performance may be experienced, as the code of this feature cannot be optimized for AMD products."" 

So the developer can't optimize it for AMD products. The only option is to turn it off. Quite frankly its disappointing from the developers that they'd use this and screw over AMD customers.

""why is AMD choosing to complain that they're not benefitting from nVidia's work instead of doing their own?""

You mean the company that single handedly created Mantle, the basis for Vulkan and DirectX 12, for free and gave it to everyone to use with no strings attached so that EVERYONE gets drastically improved performance? "
"&gt; Any PC game that will be released on a console is going to consider optimizing for AMD

No, overall system architecture is too different for optimization on consoles to automatically translate into optimizations on PC."
"&gt; Today it might be performing better and tomorrow AMD might handle Nvidia specific features better.

The point is that unlike TressFX, Hairworks isn't open source so AMD can't really optimize for it."
"Yes the FoV is low, but the viewmodels are also gigantic.

FoV and view model size are usually separate, as the first person view model doesn't usually exist in world view."
"Yeah with an R9 290 you should definitely be getting better performance than that. Drivers can make a huge difference if you haven't updated for a few months, and be sure to watch for the game specific one that releases this week. 

I'd also advise running TechpowerUp's GPU-Z and just making sure everything in there looks like it should. Single card GPU setups should also make sure they're in a x16 slot (some mobos have PCI-E's slots with multiple speeds and I've seen many people put their card in a lower slot for better air flow without realizing that it's actually an x8 slot). GPU-Z should look something like this http://i.imgur.com/se79cmc.jpg

What resolution are you running? If you were running 4k or something then I'd expect that performance. If you're simply doing 1080p then there is DEFINITELY something wrong."
"They also produce the GPU for the Wii U, and previously the Wii and Gamecube, and 360. Granted, they never had a monopoly on console hardware until this generation, but still a big market share."
"It's drama though, and sadly, due to the fact that gamers have given drama more and more traction in recent months/years publishers/developers/manufacturers have caught on and will use it for their own ends.

The fact that this is no. 1 on /r/games right now yet the top post is rightfully calling it out as a non-issue as a pretty unflattering example of what the gaming community feels the need to validate and patronise.

We really need to get away from this. It's beginning to be used against us and it will only get worse."
"I'm not really in disagreement with any of that. All I am saying is that the use of proprietary middleware, regardless of why it's there, hurts the consumer. 

Sure, CDPR and Nvidia are winners here, but the consumer isn't.

My point is, that if AMD does the same thing for other games, it won't help the average consumer either. This isn't the sort of competition that benefits the consumer. Compare that to the GPU vendors fighting for highest performance per dollar, which is very beneficial for the consumer.

I generally see /r/games as a pro-consumer forum, so seeing a comment saying that AMD should employ Nvidia's tactics is off-putting."
"I know everyone hated that game, but I played the shit out of it and really enjoyed it. I got the achievement for winning 500 games, and it's got to be one of the rarest achievement I have.

Elf with a sword all day."
"I think that's part of the point they're making, that Gameworks features kind of kills performance needlessly.

I do agree that it doesn't seem particularly malicious against AMD, but it's worth noting that the 9XX series is vastly outperforming the 7XX series more than it should be. The 960 is only performing marginally worse than the 780 - a vastly more expensive card with notably more horsepower. There may be some valid arguments to be made that the Maxwell architecture is more efficient at some processes than Kepler so brute horsepower may be inconsequential - but I personally feel that it's pretty suspect.

You shouldn't be buying a $600 GPU with the expectation that it will be outdated after only a year and a bit by a &lt;$200 card - that's wrong. "
"The developer can't optimize it because that's AMD's job. AMD can't optimize it because they don't have the source code for HairWorks. 

So that leaves AMD with two options: sit there and complain, or show developers why TressFX is a better option. nVidia's strategy is the latter, AMD's is the former. That's the core of the issue. 

It's not like these devs just decided to use HairWorks at the flip of the coin--nVidia gave them an incentive, whether that was development help (as the devs and nVidia claim) or monetary (as cynical gamers claim) or plenty of delicious fruit snacks (as I wish it was). Who knows, who cares. The point is that nVidia worked with the devs while AMD didn't.

&gt;You mean the company that single handedly created Mantle, the basis for Vulkan and DirectX 12, for free and gave it to everyone to use with no strings attached so that EVERYONE gets drastically improved performance?

Open sourcing is all fine and dandy but it's not the end-all, be-all that so many people seem to think it is. Open sourcing your stuff doesn't help anyone if nobody knows how to use it properly. And when your competitor is busy showing those same people how to use their closed-source stuff... well, your open source software just sitting there unused and unlearned isn't doing any good, is it?



"
"No, it doesn't. They've developed software solutions that work best on their own hardware. It is up to developers on whether they want to implement those features or not. How on earth does it seem sane for AMD to complain about their primary competitor having better, proprietary technology?

If they actually had a case for 'sabotage,' they'd be taking it to the SEC and other relevant regulatory agencies in a bid for relief from unfair practices. If they had conspired with Intel or Microsoft, for example, to ensure that their hardware was better integrated *while actively hiding this from the public*, AMD would have some kind of a case. It is quite telling that they are waging a social media war in an effort to erode confidence in a competitor. "
Jesus. The setlist is already looking awful. Good thing we also have a new Rock Band coming as well since their setlists are always solid.
This is all really just sniping between AMD and Nvidia.  I have a 980 and Hairworks kills performance for me (costs 15-20 fps or more).  Otherwise the game runs decently at 1440 and Ultra settings.
"They weapons are more period accurate, if that's any consolation. I prefered TOB's weapons and perks much more."
"&gt; Why do I keep reading people saying that the game doesn't run well on AMD hardware?

It seems like AMD themselves think games could run *even better* if they were not held back by reliance on GameWorks. Only CDPR can really say how right or wrong that is for Witcher 3."
"&gt; People made this fuss when TressFX was implemented in Tomb Raider- except that impacted Nvidia.

The difference is that because TressFX is open source, Nvidia could (and did, after a few months) optimize for it, Hairworks isn't, so AMD can't."
"Dude, AMD did create their own library years ago.  TressFX.  And they gave Nvidia the source code so that Tomb Raider 2013 could run with it enabled on Nvidia cards.

Hairworks is basically Nvidia copying TressFX from AMD, but not extending to AMD the same courtesy they were given when the tables were the other way around.  That's why AMD is so pissed."
"Vita doesn't use MemoryStick, it uses proprietary Vita-only memory cards. The important part is that you can't open the Vita memory cards on your PC (at least not with commodity hardware), while you could with Memory Sticks for the PSP."
"Take a look over [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=34m55s&amp;v=fZGV5z8YFM8).

Also, GameWorks is supplied as dll, not as source code (as AMD does when they share technologies like TressFX with devs), so not even the devs know what's going on under the hood of GW."
"&gt;Only CDPR can really say how right or wrong that is for Witcher 3.

I doubt they would officially say anything to upset Nvidia."
"I have an i5 2500k and an R9 290 and i get 60 fps most of the time with everything on and max except for hairworks which is off (looks shitty on Geralt anyway). It runs pretty well honestly, only in the cities or situations where there's lots of NPCs will it start to go down. Make sure youre not running it on borderless windowed mode that chops a few frames off as well. "
Its great that Christopher Lloyd can still play the same character thirty years later. The advantage of playing an old man in a film when you are not old I guess. I do still remember first watching back to the future and thinking the actor must be 100 years old.
"Aaaaand now I remembered that Pandemic has been killed.


RIP Mercenaries. Mercenaries 2 barely counts as a sequel."
"Unfortunately we'll probably never have an MMO like this again. Too many casual players entered the market and companies always want to maximize profit so they will continue the bullshit handholding and ""everything must be completable solo"" so that the money rolls in. 

I miss the world of XI pre-Abyssea and I'll never have it back. "
"Yea I don't know if it's just me, but I have SLI 780 classifieds, and I can barely break 45 FPS at 1440p... that's not ok.

I had to go down to 1080p to get close to constant 60 FPS....

Edit: Turned off hairworks, now I'm at very very good performance."
"But if you have to alienate *a quarter* of your end users to do so it is in NO WAY worth it. I actively avoid games with Nvidia tech as they've consistantly shown to perform poorly on AMD hardware. Whether this is intentional or not is up to debate, but the effect is there and it's stopping sales.

Edit: Changed half to a quarter"
"I have an R9 290 overclocked (cc 1130, mc 1286) a fx-8350 and 8 gb RAM and I can run Witcher 3 on Ultra (hairworks off and foliage range high) on a somewhat stable 40/50 fps. But only at 1080.... Try overclocking it

Edit: I also have HBAO+ on which apparently cuts a lot of frames on an AMD GPU
"
"As someone who's very strongly pro-consumer I think it's much more unethical to ruin other people's game experience to push your own hardware. Whether it's intentional or not Nvidia's tech causes heavy performance drops on AMD hardware, and they know it (how could they not?). This negatively impacts end users which I find completely unethical. Two brands having a pissing match is tame. "
"Not even remotely true. A simple google search will show you how insanely easy it is to buy game cards for 3DS,DS,etc."
"I worked for a game studio that was payed by Nvidia. They would run Nvidia hardware and optimize the game for Nvidia, AMD was an after thought. I don't think AMD has the kind of money to toss around like the green team and I think Nvidias practices are unfair. We'd all be better off as gamers if you couldn't make exclusive deals with game companies to prioritize your drivers over a competitors."
"I'm not a big fan of this white-washing of the quality of Battlefront 1 and 2 in an attempt to make the reboot seem more appealing. Go ahead and say that YOU weren't a fan, but for many people Battlefront 1 and 2 were great games.

And one of the reasons why I loved BF1 and 2 was because of the sheer amount of Star Wars content within them. Basically everything star wars was in those games, and I loved that (not to mention the sheer scale of the battles.)

If someone didn't really like the game, that's fine. I'm a little disheartened that the reboot shares little to do with the original game, but I'm not gonna call it a shitty game. Just remember that a lot of people actually did love the originals."
"This is a complaint in every Overwatch video. Blizzard has heard it, but refuses to change anything. For me, it is a complete deal breaker. I'm assuming this game will be going to console eventually, that's the only reason I can see them keeping things the way they are."
"&gt; even if it would be in the best interests of consumers; the company is trying to make money after all.

that line is pretty idiotic tho ""hey, what's best for the consumer doesn't matter because the poor company just wants to make money, plz understand""

but what's to expect from a media which is nothing more than third party advertisement and any consumer backlash gets called ""entitled"" and ""toxic"" when it's not gobbled up."
"It would be a bigger benefit if they actually made it open... As it stands, you're asking developers to hope for a Nvidia monopoly, or spend time integrating technology that only half (or a bit more, right now, but you get the idea) their potential userbase will experience. It wouldn't even be a big deal if the stuff was optimized better for Nvidia, but excluding it from running on opposing hardware just feels wrong. And it's a real shame, too, because the people who created the effects for nVidia are clearly very talented and the effects look great, but they'll never be available to all gamers or even all developers..."
"[Absolutely beautiful.](http://eastarwarsbattlefront.com/)

Also, the guy who bought eastarwars didn't do it out of the goodness of his heart to smear EA. He was hoping that they'd buy it off him. Just something to note."
"Similar thing with PCars, 780 only 6% better than a 960.

My 270 (NON-X) is trading blows with the 770 in W3, and benchmarks only 10-15% lower than a 780. Kepler is gimped."
"It's not AMD's job it's AMD's service. One of the reason why Vulkan and D3D12 change the way to do graphics programming so fundamentally is because developers can't write working D3D9-11 or OpenGL code for shit. A huge portion of graphics drivers is just a giant switch statement / if statement where they fix the shit the developers either fucked up because they're idiots (an intern talked about a game that just never made a draw call) or because they programmed themselves into a corner (OpenGL and D3D9-11 can get quite messy so sometimes you're just stuck and happy that it runs at all).

And AMD didn't open source Vulkan. They released the specifications to the Khronos Group. You can say a lot about OpenGL but it could be an awful lot worse. The Kronos Group did an acceptable job with OpenGL and they will with Vulkan as well.

Nvidia purposefully kept out of any Vulkan stuff whilst AMD was there on events showing their progress on the drivers and actively worked together with the members of the Khronos Group. They could have kept Mantle to themselves entirely and give Nvidia a shitty incomplete documentation which would result in the same situation we're in right now just the other way around.

Nvidia is trying to push AMD out of the market by not allowing other vendors to optimise they stuff.

That will stop with D3D12 and Vulkan because those APIs FORCE developers to do the stuff AMD and Nvidia had to do to fix games. So there's no fucking around anymore trying to trick the driver and doing what you want based on the assumptions you make about the behaviour of the driver. Instead, you just tell the driver how you want it to behave. If you don't it won't behave at all. But who knows how long it will take for Vulkan and D3D12 to become the default APIs for new games. Everything with OpenGL ES 3.1 support will also support Vulkan so the hardware is there most of the time."
With the way they've done the past few NFS reboots/games i imagine they will just call it NFS Underground without the number
"And they do.  That's the point.  That's how Tomb Raider was.

The problem is that AMD has been reasonably open about it, whereas Nvidia has not, so you end up with AMD-sponsored titles that do nearly as well on Nvidia cards as AMD and Nvidia-sponsored titles that perform terribly on AMD."
"I thought something was strange when they said ""They should make a DLC where you play as the security officer.""  VERY committed to the joke... I knew that they must be fucking with me, but he said it with practically no trace of irony."
The FOV and paymodel are gonna make or break this game for me. I was already getting a little nauseous watching this video. And if the pay model is anything near HotS' I just won't touch it
"That would just split the community even more, we will have games that only work well on Nvidia and others that will only work well on AMD. That's bad."
I have a step down with a R9-280X (FX-8350 @ 4.6 GHz and 8 Gb of RAM @ 1866 MHz) and I can run the game at ultra minus hairworks @ a stable 50-55 fps.
"It didn't start out open, but was created with the intention of becoming open. Mantle was handed over to Khronos (the standardization organisation behind OpenGL) and will be released sometime this year as an open standard under its new name: Vulkan"
"That's the thing about Dan, he's been so successful in convincing people that he's dumber than a sack of bricks (whether it's always an act, or not) that nobody can tell if he's joking or not.

Now why anyone would want that reputation is a different story."
"No, because it hasn't seen final release, but AMD did donate it to the Khronos foundation and it's now the foundation of Vulkan."
"There's no money to be had selling GPU to console makers. NVIDIA entered a massive dispute with Microsoft during the lifetime of the first xbox because MS didn't want to pay up. That's why MS went with ATI for the 360. 
AMD has a ""monopoly"" on a worthless market. While NVIDIA literally owns all the profitable ones (high end GPU for gamers, GPU for workstations etc). 

Having control over the console market doesn't help in anyway to boot, because the APIs are so different from what is used on PCs it just doesn't give any serious edge into the profitable markets. "
"The game is looking absolutely fantastic in my opinion. I love Team Fortress but I've been craving something fresh that fills its shoes while being different by the details, and this is definitely it. 

People keep saying it's too flashy and hard to follow but I'm left wondering what type of games these people play, because I had no idea what any of the characters do, yet from the visuals and sound cues I'm able to pick up tons of information very clearly and just from watching a few videos already have clear definitions of roles and abilities for a lot of the characters. 

Hell, I'm not even that bothered by the so called ""huge"" weapon models, although I do agree that a slightly larger FOV wouldn't be a bad thing. 

All in all, I know I'm going to be playing this as soon as possible, and I believe that all the hardcore deniers and criticizers I usually see on every gameplay video are going to jump on it as well, even if they insist they won't based on a few minor gripes. "
I wonder if there's any link between video games and the taste of bottled water. Maybe I should start a Kickstarter to fund my research of this. Anyone a waterlogist here? I'll give you 50% of the money if you write something for me.
"This list brought back fond memories and I agree with each point, however I will never forget how brutal this game was for me playing as a 14-year old. FFXI was an extremely inaccessible game if you did not know what you were doing 99% of the time. Not having access to a proper Linkshell or static group was a death sentence, melee classes were generally ignored when looking for a group, and I found Japanese players to be utterly impossible to work with most of the time. The economy was also very difficult to enter."
"This is seriously the part that worries me. I don't know if it's something unique to this and the past generation (more efficient architecture for tessellation, etc) or if it's lack of driver support for the past generation, or if its something else... but it's really making me think twice about buying from NVIDIA again. I really feel that NVIDIA should make a public statement about this before they lose some customers like myself."
"It's truly mind blowing to me to see gamers defend things that are damaging to them.  Gamers really are like lemmings.

&gt;The biggest and most hotly anticipated game of the season does not work edit: as well on their hardware. AMD is big enough and the lead time was long enough that it's on them. Plain and simple. Either they forge a partnership to ensure stability or they swallow your pride and license what's needed.

Not, it is not on them.  It is on NVIDIA and the publishers / developers who are using their closed source tools knowing it's going to hurt the performance of everyone who doesn't have Nvidia hardware.

On top of that, participation in Nvidia's programs requires developers to agree to NOT make certain changes that would help with performance on AMD hardware!


&gt;Trying to drag the entire PC gaming community into their brand pissing match with Nvidia is shitty. It's spiteful and small-minded competition in name only that no one benefits from. Not OEMs, not developers, not fans.

Your comment reads like it's written by Nvidia viral marketing.  I've seen viral marketers busted on forums before and this is the kind of drivel they spew."
"I think the idea is that Hairworks kills performance all around (it's possibly quite inefficient?) but relatively more so on AMD hardware than on Nvidia. So by implementing this particular feature, it actually widens the gap between the two companies cards, even though they all take a hit.

To use a crappy analogy, if you have a game where the player has a %fire resistance, you might run right into flames knowing that an enemy NPC will follow. With your flame armor or whatever, although you will take some damage, the other guy will die. And so it's worth the hit to you.  Man that is a bad analogy ;)"
"Do we know anything about the business model yet?

If they go for the league of legends business model they elected to use in HoTS that will be a large turnoff."
"I don't really see the difference between this and the exclusivity argument that pcmasterrace makes against consoles. In the end it's a company trying to segment the market using a forced advantage that hurts gamers.

I mean, I understand why Nvidia does it, obviously, but this is as close to a console war as it gets for PC gamers and I don't like it. I don't side with either company, I want gamers to win and get maximum performance for all games."
"In some cases.  
The MGS series has proven that prequels can be fun story-wise (MGS3, Peace Walker, Ground Zeroes, I predict that The Phantom Pain will be extra fun)."
"AMD has improved their tessellation performance quite a bit over the last year.

http://i.imgur.com/ZGmxGMv.gif

Still not great though."
"&gt; Make sure youre not running it on borderless windowed mode that chops a few frames off as well. 

Yeah, I noticed that was default when I fired up the game yesterday. That's freakin' weird."
"Wait, one R9 290 running 1440p ultra (w/o hairworks) perfectly? By perfectly do you mean 60 fps? I find that VERY hard to believe... I have one R9 290X, turned AA off and foliage/shadow to medium, getting 45-60fps at 1440p. Granted I have an old i7 920 @ 3.8GHz CPU but this game doesn't seem very CPU limited, and I have turned the CPU intensive(?) settings down. 

If you meant 1080p, then I would believe you."
"They haven't said anything official, but I would be surprised if they *didn't* have that model. Seems like Blizzard is really taking a liking to  f2p games of that nature."
"These two things have nothing to do with each other. If that's really the argument they're making, it's stupid. 

The fact that everyone can read or use something for free (it being open source) has nothing to do with who has ownership or authorship over the thing. You can open-source software and still not accept community patches, which means you still have full control over the software. Some licensing models even empower you to prevent others from using your open-source software in a private manner, lest they open-source their changes too. 

If in fact they do have full control over the software, there is no reason why they couldn't offer support for it (unless you did modify it, then it's essentially warranty voided). 

There are entire businesses that offer their software for free and then monetize on professional support (red hat) or dual license with a commercial license available that includes support (puppet or chef, I forget which one). But they aren't even in the business of that. They're in the business of selling hardware and offering support for a library that can be consumed by the competitor directly, helps them but it also helps that competitor. It doesn't help market their hardware, doesn't affect their market share and still costs money.  Why would they do that? 

The real reason why they wouldn't offer support has nothing to do with being open source per se. It has to do with it being a cost. If they'd license it differently it could be open source and a great marketing tool though but too late for that "
"Here's the steam survey results.  
http://store.steampowered.com/hwsurvey
52% nvidia, 27% ati  19% intel.

From april 2015"
"&gt; However the AMD build can run Witcher 3 with everything ultra at 1440p PERFECT **as long as hairworks is off**. I never see a dip in FPS. Why do I keep reading people saying that the game doesn't run well on AMD hardware?

People probably aren't turning off hairworks."
"&gt; I think people are forgetting that AMD and Nvidia are direct competitors. Nvidia's proprietary stuff basically kneecapping AMD cards is pretty shitty, but you can bet the shoe would be on the other foot if AMD could pull it off. All this stuff with AMD personnel complaining about GameWorks comes off as childish foot stamping to me

From the article, it seems that CDPR declined to implement AMD's TressFX (which could have been done along side the GameWorks implementation), so a portion of the question lies on why CDPR chose to support nVidia but not AMD. Not to mention, TressFX works on nVidia cards, too, because AMD *did* provide the source code."
"AMD doesn't have the guts to say that CD Projekt RED are the ones who ""completely sabotaged"" the performance on AMD cards by picking a color, so to speak."
"Not really.  Mostly because AMD releases open source software.  AMD even takes it a step further and does the same with hardware technology.  Submitting things like HBM to the standards committee, for all members' use."
"Uhhhh, to be fair, they could have already changed it.  The build preview we've gotten to see so much of, is probably an older one.

I'm not saying yes or no they've changed it, but you have to remember that the game isn't even out yet."
"In a perfect world, you'd hope that everyone would do a little research prior to complaining about something, but  ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯"
"I cannot believe this is the top comment. You are literally encouraging these hardware manufacturers to force their greasy slimy hands into software. This is not good. it gives us, as consumers less choice. 

If we want to enjoy certain software, we will have to buy certain hardware to go with it. What if we want to enjoy two kinds of software that require two different types of hardware? We're fucked. We have to pay out twice as much.

This GameWorks stuff is not good. It is not consumer-friendly. Please stop."
"Maybe they did, but they did explicitly say they weren't planning on changing it. Since this is Blizzard we are talking about, that basically translates to ""it isn't happening"".

http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/2yi4yx/blizzards_stance_on_fov_in_their_upcoming_fps/"
"Looks like the person playing is having a pretty fine time making out targets, shields, attacks etc. Show people not familiar with a particular MOBA some gameplay and all the flashing colours generally won't make sense either. 
Personally I didn't have a hard time following what was happening though I couldn't always distinguish specific characters, most likely just because I'm not used to them."
"Hi Micmea668

I'm glad that our games could provide you memorable gaming memories. I hope we can continuously provide the entertainment and enjoyment for many years to come :)."
"I haven't played the Old Blood, I didn't know everyone thought it was bad.  I was just pointing out that the Missing Link was largely a continuation of the gameplay (which, just to be clear, was great) rather than a significant expansion on the character development or the world or something."
"The amount of drama in the gaming world is fucking ridiculous. There is a ""call to arms"" over everything. The ""your company exists to give me exactly what I want when I want it"" mentality is pathetic. "
"Mantle itself was not open, because there was no point for it to be, as it was only applicable to the GCN architecture behind the AMD gpus. ""A closed beta"" as it were, because they handed it over to Khronos group which further developed it into Vulkan, which is completely open.

Source:http://www.techradar.com/news/computing/pc/amd-on-mantle-we-want-our-gaming-api-to-become-the-industry-standard-1218560

BUT, it was always planned with an eventual open standard in mind for in the end. It was just not in the beginning because it was being developed on GCN.

Source 2: http://wccftech.com/amd-mantle-api-require-gcn-work-nvidia-graphic-cards/"
"And [someone asked if it's going to be U3 and their answer was ""Who knows...""](http://imgur.com/cnaVzLK)  So I would say it's safe to say that it is going to be U3."
"To some extent it is rose-colored glasses. ""We [do this] not because it is easy, but because it is hard."" Many things in FFXI certainly did feel like an accomplishment, in ways that not even FFXIV has been able to replicate. 

However, that true sense of accomplishment required real investment, and I'm no longer at a point in my life where I can invest dozens of hours a week into an MMO. Make no mistake, FFXI in its heyday required dozens of hours a week for 'legit play'. I now derive true sense of accomplishment from my work and my relationships... I may like that XI still exists, but I'm playing XIV."
"Here's some links for some other videos on Overwatch.

##Ability Overviews
[Bastion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L4D1C7JU7ts)  
[Hanzo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOVb9x0zd6M)  
[Mercy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-l-ytDZWVFI)  
[Pharah](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ks-mLJS0pe8)  
[Reaper](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uK4WSF0rCcM)  
[Reinhardt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLFbm6YckoU)  
[Symmetra](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0TPg0rgmBo)  
[Torbjörn](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ev0ZgWhGVuo)  
[Tracer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SvYmsNCWsw)  
[Widowmaker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvPp6XbbTb0)  
[Winston](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNJ42WCOxV0)  
[Zenyatta](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBXpKdmJBLU)  
[Zarya](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTcKbsKDkWk)  
[McCree](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kq4OlEDiCi8)

##Game Play Previews
[Zenyatta](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7Yh_YywD-U)  
[Mercy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJA1DVxDAdI)  
[McCree](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XkoRX2n9TSA)

##Misc
[Character Introductions/Gameplay Trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dushZybUYnM)  
[Cinematic Trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqnKB22pOC0)  
[Tracer Origin Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMAVwEsim8w)  

##Opinions
[Star_](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZBgxS9KUY0)  
[TotalBiscuit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqNjUDFBx_Y)  
[Levelcap](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKLosoTXV7w)  
[Jesse Cox](http://youtu.be/uH55Ul0waaM?t=13m3s)
"
"As far as I've gathered, I can't adjust the level of tessellation on my 970. I can only lower the AA levels through the .ini tweak posted elsewhere in this thread. This really upsets me."
"Exactly. I'm surprised that this is the top post. It's absolute garbage, either from someone so biased towards Nvidia that they don't even care for the PC market as a whole, or from someone blinded enough to not see anything wrong with dividing the market through forceful monopoly-like practices.  
  
Hell, if this continues, it's time the watch dogs bring both of them to the justice courts. It wouldn't be the first time the EU breaks up behaviour like this, for example."
"For comparison:

- Time to first price drop of the PS1: eight months 
- Time to first price drop of the PS2: 19 months
- Time to first price drop of the PS3: eight months
- Time since launch of the PS4: 18 months

[Source](http://vgsales.wikia.com/wiki/Price_cuts)

The source of this rumour doesn't sound very credible, but a price drop on the PS4 this summer is very plausible.

Of course, every console's situation is unique. The PS4 has much less pressure to drop its price than the PS3 did, but might have more pressure than the PS2. 

It's not just competitors who force these cuts. Console makers are eager to get the price low as soon as possible to reach the mass market. Historically, consoles sold the majority of their units after dropping below $200. (Probably more like $300 these days with inflation)."
"For what it is worth, TressFX (AMD's direct equivalent to hairworks) is working equally well on nVidia hardware because AMD did not do this."
"didn't witcher 2 also have some ridicolous antialiasing setting that killed performance even on best rigs(stuff like dual titans) back then, i don't recall people throwing a fit about it as much as they do with all this hairworks stuff now

Hell dude, i'm running witcher 3 with a Radeon 7850, lowered some settings and game looks pretty good on almost high settings, looks good enough for me in fact that i don't even contemplate upgrading just for this game, so i really don't understand some of these performance complaints we're seeing lately

If you want to use fringe over the top features like Hairworks you should be expected to have top of the notch rig, and i think that their audience is pretty small and niche with it, even people with what is considered a powerful gaming rig will probably turn it off just for the sake of fluidity"
"Hey guys, this is Ben Prunty. Some folks on twitter pointed me to this thread this morning. I'm overwhelmed with gratitude. I'm so happy that you guys love the soundtrack so much. 

The FTL soundtrack was a culmination of many years of hard work and study while trying to break into the game industry, and I'm so grateful to know that it paid off and had such a strong impact on so many people. You guys are the best, and it's because of your support that I can devote my life to composing full-time. I can never thank you all enough. :) "
"On my 1680X1050 monitor, with everything on ultra besides foliage (high) and no HairWorks, I'm getting around 50-60 FPS, using an Asus Strix 970 with its factory clock. How OC'ed is your 970?"
No you are just limiting it to something your GPU can actually handle. I haven't noticed any changes to anything other than Hairworks hair. 
"&gt; ... at this point we need to see some real innovation from AMD...

You mean like open standards like FreeSync, Vulkan or D3D12? Or investing in HBM, one of the most drastic breaks in memory design in the last decade?"
"And break in you did with your smash hit. I absolutely fell in love with FTL soundtrack the moment I loaded the game, and I'm sure half of the atmosphere and charm would be stripped away if it wasn't there.

As you noted in your Color Sky intro, many people listen to the FTL soundtrack outside the game while working/studying. I, personally, always bought into the idea of music aligning to ""brain CPU clock"" to help to stay focused, and your music (especially FTL!) is perfect for that, blending into background but working its magic on the subconscious.

Up to this day ""music by Ben Prunty"" is, for me, a major selling point of any Kickstarter game project. You have yet to even get close to disappointing me.

Worth noting that FTL is not your only success, but merely a foundation upon which album by album your fame grows.

I wish you to always stay inspired and productive, and the world will benefit from that greatly."
The Vita Borderlands bundle was $99 in-store at (some?) Walmart in Canada very recently. Not *that* unthinkable.
"I was actually really disappointed at the title, I thought maybe it meant that video games do not help prevent Alzheimer's (by keeping the mind active in the elder years) So is this showing that video games has no effect either way, or just that it does not increase the chances and the latter they're still unsure?

If video games don't help, and maybe i'm straying into other subreddit topics here, doesn't that mean conventional wisdom of ""play chess or get a hobby"" also would be false, and that alzheimer's would have to be genetics/lifestyle/diet related? "
"&gt;  Let's hope some more interesting games come soon as well,

As an XB1 owner, it feels like all the best games are coming out on PS4."
"There's no science in the article, for or against.  The article simply points out the ridiculous connections that journalists drew to try to create a headline."
"The PS4 is really interesting to me, but there's maybe three games out right now that I think I would find worth playing. Only one of those is exclusive to PS4. So I dunno. A price cut might change my mind."
"The devs, the people actually coding the simulation, are fucking amazing. It's crazy how technically good War Thunder, a F2P game, is. 

The community managers almost literally fit the comissar stereotype to a T, you either love the game or are banned when you complain too much. Their monetary designers are also shitty but sadly that's the norm for F2P. 

They've retreated from forums they don't control and on their own forums have recently implemented a 'You have to have played 3 matches over the past week to post' system. Sounds fine until you realize it doesn't count for the mods or CMs, and guess what? They don't even play the game enough to post about it. But of course, they're the primary defense of the game, so they have to be able to post. "
"Call them greedy pricks all you want, they make the best cards in the world, are putting out ""game ready"" drivers before every major PC game release, then they actively work with developers to create cutting edge graphical features with Gameworks.  I don't see how it makes Nvidia greedy that they don't want to give that investment away for free, and why should they?  

Basically Nvidia makes better cards with better driver support and works with developers to help make better games.  AMD isn't going to get by any longer by just making cheaper chips.  The market is evolving, they need to adapt or die.  "
"The same can be said for Hearthstone, in my opinion. On one hand, card games were always expensive to get into. But on the other, it's a digital card game advertised as being F2P, making the comparision to another F2P game like Dota 2 reasonable.

It wasn't exactly the case before, when the Arena mode was a good way to build up your card collection without paying real money. But now they have two card sets, where only one of them is availible through Arena, and two adventures that are almost a must-have to remain competitive."
"I get the impression he's happy to the butt of the joke as long as everybody's laughing, because he's gonna be laughing too.

He's not my favorite person from Giant Bomb and I disagree with a lot of things he's said, but dude seems to know what he likes and seems to be happy with it, so it's hard to begrudge him that."
"&gt; it's still a Korean MMO so it has someone of the same flaws that many of them all share.

These kinds of generalizations just make me laugh nowadays. 

I'm not even sure what these 'common flaws' you could be referring to are. At this point, it doesn't even make any sense. Back when Lineage and Ragnarok Online were the poster children of Korean MMORPGs, yeah, there was some sense to this kind of statement, but that really should have ended with the release of Aion and subsequently Tera which are both much closer-hewed to Western MMORPG design paradigms than those previous games. 

Blade &amp; Soul in particular has *nothing in common* with Lineage or RO. Literally nothing. The only thing you can say that is expressly ""Korean stereotype MMORPG"" about it is the fact that it's a gear treadmill at the end... which makes no sense to ascribe to Korea because that's EVERY themepark MMORPG and not something specifically Korean as such. 

So it's basically become a meme to be dismissive of all Korean MMORPGs without even investigating whether or not any of those old stereotypes are even partly true. I guess mindless repetition is all you need to make something  'true' in the eyes of many. 

How depressing. "
Water effects in the game are also calculated by tessellation multipliers so forcing these settings in CCC/Nvidia Control Panel may affect more than just hair.
"""Gehen sie boss fight, shooten sie massive bloke."" 

It's been forever that I laughed this hard at a ZP joke. Little bits with the two Germans (who a commenter already dubbed `Hans and Gruber') should be a reoccurring thing."
"Looks very Underground-ish. Could be from the game cover.
This is the cover for NFSU2 http://gamesoft.loxblog.com/upload/g/gamesoft/image/NeedForSpeedUnderground2-Logo.jpg"
You know I haven't really noticed any change with the water. I've gone swimming a few times and haven't noticed anything drastically different since I've changed that setting. I'll have to check it out later when my kid is in bed. 
"Public shaming isn't really a good solution.

IMO, the best solution is the old cheaters list server.  You ban the cheaters from all normal servers, leaving only a cheaters server open which all the cheaters can play together to their hearts content."
"&gt;Nvidia responded to the claims over at PC Perspective, and as usual, refused to go along with the argument that access to source code would solve AMD's problems. ""We are not asking game developers do anything unethical,"" said Nvidia's GameWork's PR Brian Burke. ""GameWorks improves the visual quality of games running on GeForce for our customers. It does not impair performance on competing hardware. GameWorks source code is provided to developers that request it under license, but they can’t redistribute our source code to anyone who does not have a license. Most of the time we optimize games based on binary builds, not source code... I believe it is a resource issue. **NVIDIA spent a lot of artist and engineering resources to help make Witcher 3 better. I would assume that AMD could have done the same thing because our agreements with developers don’t prevent them from working with other IHVs.**""

I think this sums it up pretty well here. nVidia is getting a shit for going above and beyond, doing what AMD isn't. I mean, if nVidia didn't spend all those resources on tessellation and physics, nobody would have them at all, and it seems that's what AMD and it's fans are pushing here. That the PC gaming landscape would somehow be better if nVidia wasn't investing money into technologies that make things better.

It goes on to say;

&gt;HairWorks, which relies heavily on tessellation, is always going to perform poorly on AMD hardware, simply because the company's older GCN 1.1 architecture (used on its flagship R9 290X among others) was never all that good at tessellation.

What is stopping AMD from just fixing the fact that there hardware isn't as good at doing this one thing?

I still think it's really wild that, somehow, nVidia is catching shit for making gaming better for their customers, and if it wasn't for gameworks, the game would run as bad as it does on AMD cards for everyone. I think a lot of people forget that. 

Also, what if the situation was reversed, and CDPR opted to use AMD's TressFX instead of the nVidia libraries? Would nVidia be going to journalists saying TressFX is sabotaging gaming?

Edit; It's been [**161 days**](http://www.techpowerup.com/212724/its-now-been-over-160-days-since-a-catalyst-whql-release.html) **since AMD released a WHQL-signed Catalyst driver update**. nVidia does it with pretty much every single new game. **What the *hell* is going on over there**? And why does everyone seem to think it's their competitors fault? "
"Oh Porsche and NFS. Such a tragedy of modern gaming. I blame Porsche far more than EA for this exclusivity issue, for sure. "
That stupid fucking WiFi power saving option is the single most confusingly-worded system option I've ever seen!
"There's nothing pay to win about the game really. There's just a pretty long grind that you have the option to pay to get ahead a faster.

Edit:
I'm getting downvoted and upvoted a lot. So let me just say this. Pay to win and pay to get ahead are very different. Once you are ahead of everyone else you will be tiered with people of your own tier. A person with a Tiger won't go against someone with a Pz 1, as hilarious as that would be. 

As for the premium vehicles, they have tradeoffs. One might have a better gun than its counterpart but will more than likely have slower acceleration, less armor and a slower turret rotation."
You deserve all the praise man. The soundtrack is fucking phenomenal. Are you working on any other games currently?
"2nded....  The hair thing is a gimmick to me.  the game runs just fine...


I think this sub is lost without some sort of drama to fight about."
"I respect Blizzard for designing the hell out of their systems. It's likely better balanced than TF2, maybe even a better game. 

But holy hell does it annoy me when people say it's so-totally-not a ripoff. It is. It's so similar to TF2 it's not even funny. The style, the gamplay, half the classes. And hey, who cares? TF2 needs some direct competition and that might as well be a game that's very similar.

Only reason I'm not really looking into this game is, first, that it's supposedly some form of F2P (likely grind-y/overpriced if you're looking for variety) and secondly, that it looks *tacky as hell*. Well, it's Blizzard and I never could get into their art direction. Nothing ""wrong"" with it but man, I'm just puking stereotypes watching this."
"I'm all for their strict banning rules for cheaters, but I think asking them to make videos for second chances is only going to lead to those players being harassed for what they've done. I think it would be better not to give them second chances, for their own sake."
"Here is a little secret.  You dont need to display your fps all the time.  You could just turn it off, set it up for acceptable performance, and you will probably never notice if it dips into the 40s...


Just saying...  That fucking fps counter can cause undue anxt."
"&gt;  What game using GameWorks has actually had a smooth launch with no issues on either brand?

What game has actually had a smooth launch with no issues? Can't just blame GameWorks for an issue the entire video game industry faces."
"Contrary to his review, I really liked it. When it comes to the story, there's a lot of background to read in books and notes or hear in some hidden audio logs, and the idea that you know how it's going to end really doesn't hurt the game. The whole zombie thing was really silly, but the whole game is pretty silly in some ways, but pretty serious in others, much like TNO. I didn't have a problem with it.

What really bothers me is how he doesn't really mention it's good, and there's a lot of good here to like. There's new weapons, new scenery, some fantastic moments, even the final boss was great when I completely didn't expect it. The Wolf3D levels are fun little bonus missions and I was excited to be able to play more. I had fun with it all. 

This game is easily worth the money and the positives way outweigh the good, so don't let this review or Totalbiscuit's first impressions dissuade you from it. Especially if you liked TNO."
Catalyst =/= Display driver. AMD updates the Display drivers all the time. Just like NVIDIA. Catalyst is just a GUI with some options.
Has it been 161 days since GTA V has come out on PC? From my memory they released a beta driver version for that game.
I believe Doctor Who sets were properly picked up earlier this year actually (aside from Lego Dimensions).
"I'm running it pretty well with the medium specs + a little right now. I was spending a while tweaking things to get a little more out of it, but I noticed that apart from a couple things, very little made a significant impact. Personally I struggled to see the difference between Medium and High, despite a 20+ FPS difference. "
"60 is ridiculously cramped and uncomfortable, especially with such large gun models. It's like playing through a pair of binoculars. There's a reason people keep pointing it out.

If you think 60 is fine, what point would you call too low?"
"Why is the Witcher 3 being so heavily scrutinized on it's graphics alone?  It's being dismissed because it's graphics, while better than the vast majority of games out there might not be the best we have ever seen?

Honestly when has this EVER mattered with the Witcher series?  I really enjoyed Witcher 1, and its graphics were abysmal.  The game is immersive, has a rich story, and is very fun to play.  Why can't we talk about that?

You can tell how much love was poured into this excellent game.  How many developers, artists, and other employees worked overtime and sacrificed time with their families to make this vision a reality.  It really gets me down just how damn negative everyone is.  Oh MY GOD THE SSAO looks terrible bad game 0/10 comments are just pissing me off."
"Eh, Blizzard has gone back on extremely unpopular features that they didn't want to change before. The AH in D3 is one that comes to mind, and they've made a lot of improvements to SC2's arcade that do a lot to fix many of the complaints people had."
"And dynamic IPs. By banning a cheater's IP, you could be banning a legitimate player if the latter is assigned the former's address."
This write up is about performance and clearly the game is poorly optimized *for how it looks*. I think everyone is surprised how badly it runs even on high end hardware while at the same time only looking as good as recent triple-A open world releases. If Witcher 3 looked absolutely incredible then people would be a lot more forgiving of the current performance issues I imagine.
"&gt;When I think of ""Korean MMO"", the first thing that comes to mind is RNG. Lots of RNG, especially in regards to crafting or weapon enchanting/upgrading. 

See, that's a fair and specific complaint. Much better than the generic 'Korean games are all grindfests!' you see parroted over and over again without thought. 

On the other hand, it's also something not specifically Korean, either. Phantasy Star Online 2, a Japanese game, is layered with loads and loads of RNG (especially with weapon grinding^OHGAWD^SAVEME^FROMTHIS^HELL ). Warframe, a Canadian-developed game, likewise is chock-full of RNG built all around the game. (Also grinding. Lots of grinding.) 

&gt;And then endless fetch quests that lack any real depth.

Well, by definition fetch quests aren't going to have much depth to them. And yeah, this is, again, a theme park MMORPG thing, not a Korean thing. Only games I can think of that have fetch quests with any depth to them are all single-player RPGs, most of them released before 2003. Maybe TSW, I dnno, never played it. 

Anyway, point is that the 'Korean game? No interest' thing is based off of basically nothing if not totally flawed assumptions, and has pretty much become a meme unto itself. I also feel I have the need to quote Sturgeon's Law here like I do everywhere else. I could just as easily say ""I'm sick of French games because of collectibles and endless pointless side tasks"" (see: Ubisoft) and it would be just as shitty and inaccurate. I have to remind people that the only Korean games we see are usually the most high-profile releases and that Korea does NOT regularly export games the way, say, Japan does, so we don't even know anywhere close to the full breadth of their game releases.

&gt;The only real stand-out feature of most of the ones I've played has been the combat.

Funny you say that, because someone who played and loved Lineage II would have a completely different answer, as would someone who played and enjoyed Ragnarok Online. Which just helps to drive home the fact that, yes, Korea is NOT some monolithic entity churning out more grindtastic RNG-laden skinner boxes, and people DO get different things out of these games"
"Speaking passable Japanese was such a boon in this game, though I did get called out as a poser once or twice and kicked from a group, lol. "
"With thinking like that you'll eventually end up with games that either run great on AMd or on Nvidia, but not on both, almost akin to console exclusivity. And that's just shitty. why not competing by making their cards better/better while trying to get it at a lower production cost, instead of trying as hard as possible to make games exclusive to your company?"
"I don`t understand; Please enlighten me:

If you have proprietary bonus effects effects on brand A, that deteriorates performance on brand B, why not turn them off, and live with the choice of brand (that will excel at other effects/calculations/tasks)


Where is it written that GPU`s should have 100% similar performance at everything they are tasked to do? 


I understand the implication of anti consumer, anti competitive behavior of Nvidia - nothing new in this sector, but is this really a insurmountable problem, or just a tick box in a GUI that will remove a minute bit of eye candy?

I am perfectly able to enjoy a game with less realistic hair on my avatar, am I alone?"
"Feels incredibly childish. The head of your company shouldn't be resorting to petty naming and shaming. 

And not only do they want you to get on your knees and beg for forgiveness, if the inevitable harassment from being retweeted to 77.000 people gets to you (something no reasonable human being could fail to predict), you'll be re-banned if the video is made private.

As for ""Once a cheater, always a cheater."", it's not something I agree with just generally speaking. Of all the things we give second chances for in this world, be it on or offline, running an ESP in a game is somehow irredeemable?

If it's the #1 thing your game is struggling with it's perfectly reasonable if you wanna go that route though. But then I do sort of agree with the sentiment in /r/h1z1 of sticking to your guns."
"I'm gonna have to disagree with you there.  From a business standpoint anyway.  Nvidia has devoted thousands of worker-hours into developing these new API's and you think they should just give them away to their biggest competitor?  What sane business man/lady would think that is a good plan? Nvidia owns 75% of the discrete GPU market now so I think developers are going to start implementing more and more of these proprietary features. Of course it would fucking AMAZING for us if AMD and Nvidia were best buds and shared everything.  But sadly they are businesses not people and they exist for profit.  

Also,  in the case of Project Cars I've seen just an absolute slew of hate for Nvidia on Reddit which really makes little sense to me.  Yes Nvidia Physx runs like garbage (or not at all) on AMD cards and its killing the performance,  but it was the developers choice to implement it in the way they did.  Nvidia did not bribe them to use Physx to intentionally gimp AMD.  That is some conspiracy theory junk.  It was the developer's choice and the blame lies squarely on them in my humble opinion.  What do you think?

"
"Spoiler: They all die.

But seriously, this just strikes me as extremely poor taste. It's a recent national tragedy, nobody is making a 9/11-themed survival horror game, as nobody should."
"&gt; I love Team Fortress

&gt; People keep saying it's too flashy and hard to follow

&gt; I'm not even that bothered by the so called ""huge"" weapon models

There is a reason why almost every semi-competitive player in TF2 plays with a custom HUD, large FOV, most visual effects (gibs, shadows, ragdolls, facial animations etc.) disabled and even view models turned off.

For a fast paced shooter like this, reacting half a second before your opponent is crucial and I don't want some unnecessary visual effect or view model cluttering my view."
"Completely agree. The game seems incredibly optimized to me. Looks great and runs excellent, just don't use hair works....what's the problem? Why does everyone have their pitchforks out all the time now? 

I think our problem is our content creators need clicks, controversy gets attention, we are an echo chamber, so a false controversy still gets tons of attention. I believe the game runs great for 95% of people who meet the specs. I'm increasingly becoming frustrated by our discourse. Everyone calm down and go enjoy it, it's and amazing game. "
"Does it really run badly, though? Sure, hairworks costs a lot, but other than that benchmarks have shown that they can easily run it on high settings with mid range hardware.

To be honest, I'm not sure what to think. Assassin's Creed Unity was criticized very similarly, however, it was one of the best looking games I've ever played. And I did run it at 70-90 fps at 2560x1440, so it doesn't run terribly anywhere, it just required powerful hardware..

I still have to play the witcher 3 which I will not be able to do until the end of the week, so I can't really share personal experiences about it yet."
"GTX 970 here.

Turned shadows down a notch, because ultra shadows are always a waste of time and resources in 99.9999% of games.  Made hair physics only on Geralt. 

Game runs perfectly fine.  There are some frame dips for brief moments, but if I completely turn off the hair stuff then it runs flawlessly.

And I'm playing at 2560x1080."
"""But people who would know about the FoV slider would be at an advantage over people that do not know about it."" - Blizzard Entertainent

Here are some other classics Blizzard has thrown at the community that shows how little they actually care about your opinion:

""The technology simply isn't there yet.""

""More than 9 deck slots would confuse the player.""

""Karabor and Bladespire have been cut as capitals because of lore reasons.""

""Ok so the lore reasons do not actually make sense. It's actually because we don't have the time.""

""Ok so we had the longest content drought to actually make content, it was actually a design desicion.""

""We do not have the resources.""

""Having your password case-insensitive is a design decision.""

""Isn't Falstad dead?"""
"Yeah, while AC Unity did suffer some performance issues on launch, it was an incredible looking game.

I honestly can't think of a game that looks better. Maybe modded Skyrim, but Unity actually looks good in motion."
"I loved 3dfx.... Nvidia bought them out and killed all support for them.  Killed the web mirrors for drivers and everything.  The voodoo 4000 series had only been out for a few months, and nvidia made them into $300 paperweights.  Additionally a big game (MOHAA) cameout right around this time, and would not run on 3dfx cards without a driver update, that was never going to happen thanks to nvidia.


Nvidia is a major asshole"
I would honestly buy a sensor collar for my cat so this does not happen. Would be cool as shit to see your cat or some sort of avatar representing your cat run through the game randomly.
"So you are telling me developers are not releasing games 100% optimized for all available hardware, these days?

Goddamn, what has the world come to!

I jest of course; I was just thinking of all the shitty business practices and shoddy rushed releases, (watchdogs and Ubisoft springs to mind) this seems like a tempest in a teapot.

I have not bought the game so I am just curious.
"
"I think the game is under-optimized for high-end setups but optimized for low end setups.

An I3 4150 and a 750ti, a budget setup that goes for around $400ish, can run the the game at 1080p, with med-high settings, at a solid 30fps. Which is same as the PS4 version. "
"For real, why do people keep saying this? 

People seem to get so asshurt when their $600 pc can't run an extremely large game on max settings. Who would have guessed?"
"Well, I still think the game looks beautiful on ultra settings. Yeah, it looked better on early trailers, but still it's really amazing.

But that's just graphics. Then comes everything else about this game (in terms of scope it's probably the most ambitious video game in history, amount of content is just mindblowing), which makes me forget about every flaw I've found in W3. I fully understand some people might not be that impressed, but for me so far the experience has been just out of this world. I'm still weeks away from finishing it, but so far I'm convinced this is the best game I've ever played."
"""did zey mean ze massive bloke or ze incredibly massive bloke?""  
that line got me even more. There is something hilarious about german accent in english."
"Smedley is not new to this kind of shit, it is just PR to hide the fact that they can only catch the dumbest script kiddies."
"""Having your password case-insensitive is a design decision.""


wait, did they say that? *holy shit*."
"The REDengine isn't capable of MSAA. CDPR created their own method of AA, which is basically FXAA. So enjoy your blurry screen if you use it. "
"This article slams the game pretty hard for being poorly optimized, but running it with a 6870? That's not even close to the minimum spec (a 7870)... 

How is this a fair test if you're going to turn around and talk about how ""unpolished"" the game is? These kind of definitive statements are useless. You ran the game below minimum spec, and for better or for worse there are a lot of nvidia optimized effects in it. You're not gonna be maxing the game out. Besides, those framerates were still pretty decent. If anything that's a sign of decent graphics scaling. 

Like others have mentioned, it's frustrating that graphics are always the be all, end all for new games. It looks pretty damn good. Is it the best looking thing to grace a pc monitor? Maybe not. Is it the epitome of engineering and optimization? No. But it works on the low end hardware in this article, and all it takes is fiddling with a few options to make it perform well. People have guides and .ini tweaks everywhere already, and the game seems to run pretty damn well. A 6870 just won't cut it for games like this anymore. 

Welcome to owning a pc. Comes with the territory. Goddamn. Let's enjoy the game. "
AMD allowed tessellation to be adjusted *specifically* in response to games using excessive tessellation just to hamper AMD's cards. I'm sort of glad nVidia's smug pettiness is coming back to bite them in the ass.
"Is this F2P now? How do we get on board?

Edit: Looks like it is free if you go the main page. Guess I'm gonna have to try it out.

Edit 2: Not F2P, see comment below."
"&gt;Did the console versions restrict the PC version?

&gt;If the consoles are not involved there is no Witcher 3 as it is,"" answers Marcin Iwinski, definitively. ""We can lay it out that simply. We just cannot afford it, because consoles allow us to go higher in terms of the possible or achievable sales; have a higher budget for the game, and invest it all into developing this huge, gigantic world

Why didn't they just say this earlier. It's not mind blowing that a 350$ console is holding back a game. It's not shameful wanting to release your game on as many platforms as possible. It's either no game or a game on all 3 platforms "
"The texture resolution has a really low impact on performance. It's mostly limited by vram. The game is heavily limited by its polycount, which is very high compared to other open world games. Games like GTA V are set in urban environments and desert plains. Concrete houses, flat asphalt and wide open plains with sparse vegetation take a lot less polygons to model than the Wichers muddy roads, rolling hills and crevices. 

Also there is no need for hyperbole. No texture in the game looks even remotely like something from the N64. Really, the only time I have noticed bad textures in the game where when the camera gets too close to certain objects in cutscenes. Its texture quality struck me as fairly solid to very good mostly. Also note that a ton of things in the game are moving and look a lot better in motion than on screenshots."
I just hate that I can't get 60fps at all even if I drop everything to the lowest possible setting. I guess my time with my 760 is coming close to an end :(.
"I'm honestly surprised by all this ""discussion."" The Witcher 3 DOES look absolutely incredible, and it runs great.  Do you people realize how much they are rendering on screen all the time in that game? There are no loading screens for interiors, it's technologically amazing. I would *love* to see a developer with the balls to release another Crysis just to see people cry about how it's not optimized.  
  
Edit: It is optimized for high end machines. I'm running maxed (with foliage on high/no hairworks and ini tweaks pushing some settings past ultra) @ 1440p and I get a smooth 60 on SLI 780tis. That's top end performance on a top end machine. I don't even think Crysis 3 runs that well, and it certainly doesn't look as good. No idea why people are obsessed with hairworks. It's extremely demanding new tech, much like tressfx. It's just for screenshot enthusiasts or people who want to sacrifice other settings, or wait a few years for hardware. "
"I don't get it... I thought you played games because they were fun?

Why just play for the carrot on the stick? That's why I like Counter Strike. If you want that option it's there but the real game is just the skill level between two teams. "
If they've got cash generators then why would they bother putting in the time/effort to keep them around.
"This should be the definitive end to all the freaking out, should it not? They acknowledged it, reiterated that game development is more complex than people seem to think, and said they will be making improvements. End of story, surely. 

Can we discuss the actual game now?"
"My biggest problem with the game at the moment is the poor control setup.

You can clearly tell it was made for a controller.

Yes, the keys can be rebound. The way it moves and plays is just poorly set up for mouse and keyboard."
"It's very counterintuitive. Joining a custom game by name is still impossible. Hosting named lobbies is still not a thing, yet people really crave it.  
But at this point, i'd wager they've just missed their shot at popularity since many modders/mappers have moved on to other games."
"I've got to say, I get a kick out of this. AMD is saying that Nvidia sabotaged them, yet from what I gather, features like tessellation, things that make a game look better run like trash on an AMD card. Not because of the software but because of how the hardware is manufactured. This isn't Nvidia's fault. This is a problem with AMD and their inability to compete with Nvidia on an even playing field. IT also seems like there are quite a few people who have AMD cards that don't seem to be having issues, while others do. Could this be that there are individuals who know how to configure and optimize their hardware better, while others just buy an expensive card and plop into their rigs, expecting the best performance? I would guess that at least has something to do with it.

To say that Nvidia sabotaged AMD for this games release is pretty ridiculous, especially considering that AMD hasn't even launched their driver for this game yet, while Nvidia was there the day before, to make sure everyone was ready and the game was going to run well.

The comments from the Project Cars team is also pretty telling. With developers reaching out to AMD and getting very little cooperation in return. It may have been a fluke, or it may be a way that AMD does business and they are causing problems for themselves. Rather than addressing it, they blame it on the big bad competitor that happens to be rolling them in market share. AMD needs to probably complain less and compete more, which as I understand it they plan on doing, but only time will tell i guess. "
"I wish they did. I get that people with crazy rigs get upset that consoles hold them back, but without consoles a huge portion of people wouldn't be playing games. PC gaming is awesome, but there are gamers who don't want to get involved in it. "
"Holy shit, the Escapist works on mobile now without paying a membership free! They finally caught up to 2008. "
"It is not F2P, it requires a subscription.

Edit: Since there is some confusion -- EQ does have F2P servers, but Ragefire is not one of them. Of course, Sony doesn't make it easy to find this information on their announcement page for the server.

You could check [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/everquest/comments/352nyb/ragefire_new_progression_server_faq/) post on reddit or look at /r/everquest to confirm it is not a F2P server.
"
"How dare developers smile after slaving over a game for years and finally seeing people begin to enjoy the fruits of their labour! BACK TO THE GRINDSTONES YOU MAGGOTS, MY 780 NEEDS MOAR POWER!"
"They could put ubersampling in TW3, but then it would require a beastly system and people would complain about the terrible optimization of the game because people think that when they set everything to max and get poor framerates it automatically means the game is poorly optimized lol."
"I didn't even know about all this stuff when I booted up the game.  I just saw, ""Nvidia Hairworks"" on the settings list and I was like, ""Welp, I have an AMD card, so I'm turning this shit off.  No clue what it'll do to my performance, and it probably won't work right anyway."""
I am a little bummed that a lot of the consequences of dying are still removed such as leaving all of your items on your corpse. I always liked being the helpful necro.
"Fingers crossed that the patch gives more optimisation options to help achieve a constant 60fps! So strange to see titans struggling with the game, but then again The Witcher 2 was only for the top-end systems when it was released too."
"&gt; Why didn't they just say this earlier. It's not mind blowing that a 350$ console is holding back a game. It's not shameful wanting to release your game on as many platforms as possible. 

I hope you don't think that gamers would have reacted calm and rationally had CDPR come out and said ""This is happening because consoles."" 

Because I'm willing to wager there'd be just as much pissing and moaning as there is now."
"This is Nvidia's GameWorks fault. Apparently 700 series is 3x slower at tesselation than 900 series and W3 heavily uses it. I heard some guy at /r/witcher found a way to run it properly on AMD cards by tweaking ini files, might help you too. Sadly I didn't find that post (not that I was looking all that much)."
"I could have ([980 SLI](http://i.imgur.com/GUFIMOn.png?1), [2700k @ 4.8](http://imgur.com/c3Tgd51)) and I think people whining about a downgrade are insane. [The game is gorgeous](http://gifyu.com/image/ELW) and more importantly plays great. It's the best open world has been since RDR.

A two year old build looked better. Big whoop, it's not like they've been hiding the visuals of the release build. "
"Not really like 1999... updated graphics, UI, zones, ...updated almost everything. There's very little about this that's like 1999, which is a shame. "
"I wasn't too put off by UI and graphics being updated, but death mechanics are changed and that's a large part of what made EQ what it was."
"Considering the majority hardware on Steam's survey are laptop GPUs and 'less than 1080p' monitors, you're probably not wrong."
"Well, the saturation, and foliage may look worse, but the game is a lot better looking than some people are leading it to believe, and I'm a graphic snob to the max."
"Honestly, if it had been published by EA or Activision, would you have been as tolerant ? I feel like people are giving them a free pass because it's CD Projekt Red"
"I think he's unfair on the last boss fight. It was actually fairly innovative, because the boss is blind and tracks you with sound. You can sneak right in front of him and he can't see you, so you can use grenades to distract him and that opens him up to an attack.

It was very silly however that the soldiers turn up and shoot *you* rather than the *massive terrifying supernatural being*. "
"it's not just AMD cards though, Hairworks runs like garbage on anything not Maxwell architecture. Guess what though you can turn that bullshit off. Everyone wins."
And then there is huge majority of PC gamers with mid range rigs who enjoy games at settings lower than ultra. It's not just either 2 x GTX 980 or a console.
"&gt;I get that people with crazy rigs get upset that consoles hold them back, but without consoles a huge portion of people wouldn't be playing games.

On the flip side; games are only the scope they are because of consoles. PC sales alone doesn't support scope in the same way unless you're blizzard. So while the games could have better image quality; they'd be smaller budgeted and thus smaller scoped."
"I have a 970 with a mix of high/ultra no hairworks and the lowest drop fraps has recorded was a drop to 56 fps and I'm about 12 hours into the game. A friend has a 770 and can almost get it to 60 fps on high settings no hairworks. 

Don't know why you and your friend are having problems. "
Just to clarify Intel was doing way worse stuff than messing with their compiler to earn that $1.5 billion fine.
"Because the PC community cares more about being the primary focus for development than the console community and won't admit that if it wasn't for consoles, early access games that we deem unacceptable would be the norm for final release. Consoles carry the Video Games industry the same way movie theaters carry the film industry and cable carries the television industry. The environment that caused the original collapse of the video game industry is exactly what the PC market is now. People putting out whatever shit sounds great on steam and waiting for the cash to roll in. "
"I personally think it looks phenomenal, and I'm running it on a 2gb 7850 with an FX 6300 Six core processor. It runs amazingly, all settings on high except for shadows which is on medium, at a solid 45+ fps. I'm blown away by how well it runs.

Here we have a game with insane amounts of content, amazing gameplay, great graphics, awesome music, and countless other awesome things about it. On top of it all, if you had the other two games, which went on sale for $2 each a week before the game came out, it was only $48. On top of THAT, it comes with a manual and a thank you card.

And still, people bitch about it. I do not understand it one bit, and it frustrates the fuck out of me. CDPR put everything they had into this game, and it's amazing, but some people still find ways to complain."
"Yeah I'm really happy this game runs as well as it does on my machine. I spent about $800 on it (excluding peripherals) 3 years ago and I'm surprised how good the game looks on medium/high settings. I was scared I was going to have to drop another $300-400 on upgrades because I preordered before the recommended specs were released, and honestly the minimum recommendations are WAY too high for the performance I'm getting."
"How much of a free pass are they really getting when 95% of the discussion about this game up until release was bitching about the downgrade? 

If it was EA or Activision I personally would have reacted exactly the same, because I sympathize with developers and I've been buying games long enough to know things aren't as different these days as people want to believe. Personally I don't think they've really done anything wrong. "
"Cause that whats this article is examining. It not writing about or focusing on story or characters. PC Report is all about the PC features, audio, visual and performance.

Its like complaining about a Wood Review on a cardboard not talking about its functional features when the Wood Review purpose is to report on the quality of wood design and care of said wood. It staining, sanding and type of wood use and finishing touches.

Here its not so obvious cause PC Report almost looks like its a write-up about the game in general, but hoping with that comparison it seems clearer the purpose of PC Report. 

"
"you missed his point. the point is the consoles *aren't* holding back the game. because without consoles they would not be to make it as it was made in the first place as the potential customer base on PC is just not high enough for the the budget and marketing for this game.

PC elitists always drag on consoles for holding games back, but without them the games industry would not be anywhere as big as it is."
"Don't get me wrong, I love the game, and I love the way it looks, but they did lie to the community by saying the game wouldn't get a downgrade. "
"&gt;complains about otaku pandering shit

&gt;wants CCC

""I hate cold. I can't wait to go live in the north pole"""
"Seems like the only talk has been about the downgrade. Well, what about the seamless open world and extremely fast load time (even on an HDD), the fantastic facial animations and well-written dialogue, the grey morality that permeates every conversation, the distinct lack of boring fetch quests, the variety in creatures and ways to fight them... Damn, it's probably the best open world game ever made, and people are bitching about the fucking grass!"
"Jesus, I remember being excited for this back when Aion launched and that was in like... 2008.

At least it's finally happening and hopefully the f2p is done right... but more likely it won't be."
"They should have been a bit more upfront instead of spending the last few weeks so desperately trying to sideline the conversation or dodge the issue slyly.

I think any gamer who has looked through the progression of the visuals in CD Projekt's PR screenshots for this game could tell. I'm glad they're finally being upfront about it. However, they made both themselves and the ardent fans of the game who kept swearing that the downgrade didn't happen look like fools. They could have handled it better for sure.

In the end of the day, I don't blame them for optimizing for consoles. It is a very lucrative thing to do. However, a little bit of honesty would have went a long way, even if it's a bitter pill to swallow. And I hope some modders or CD Projekt themselves can help bring some of the older texture and lighting work for people who have higher end PCs."
"People seem to forget how hard it is to run a game as massive as this. The game is completely seamless, unlike TW2. There has to be some sacrifice to be able to do that, and I'd gladly take no loading screens over slightly better graphics. 

It just feels incredible to be in a cave for an hour, and finally, your first steps into the outside world again with no load screens is a fantastic experience. "
"I think it's just them trying to cover all their users.  I mean, average joe with his single card might not be able to run with max everything at 60+ fps.  But super gamer with his sli titan X's wants to justify his purchase by having better quality graphics than the guy who has a single 970.


It's not like the game is unplayable unless you have everything set to max
"
"If you are really interested, check out project1999.

It is a fan-run server with 1500+ daily players, and is 'approved' by Day Break (the company that took over EQ). It is more classic than the live progression servers, and it has both pve and pvp servers. It is currently on the 2nd expansion from EQ1, about to get into the ~~3rd~~ 2nd expansion.

The only downside is setting it up is a little bit tedious, you have to have a specific version of the EQ game."
"Exactly. I know most people don't care to look, but there are many reasons consoles are good for the industry. "
"Yeah it's ridiculous, r/games is becoming a bad place for news about games. All I've read on here is negativity about this game recently, some PC gamers are little bitches sometimes. 

This game wouldn't exist without consoles, so shut up about a little bit of a graphics downgrade. Its just graphics."
"Didn't they say that the two year old build was using a different shader system? Changing anything in the shader system can significantly change the way a game looks. People don't realize that and that is something that really bothers me about the gaming community.  

So they changed the shader system and *possibly* toned some things back. You know what? That's fine because as someone who has worked in game development that's exactly what I would do to optimize the game. 

As of right now if you enabled Hairworks and changed **one** line in the rendering.ini file you can have ultra settings at 1080p/60fps. The Hairworks is configured to run 8x AA, but you can change it to 4x AA and it looks just as good. That change gains you 10-20 FPS depending on build and other settings. 

It's not like they pulled a Ubisoft and straight up removed a ton of visual elements from the E3 build and left it in the data files. Modders discovered it and readded it to find that it actually boosted performance!!! Now that is a fuck up if you ask me. 

To me with my build, Witcher 3 looks and runs AMAZING. I'm also enjoying the game and to me that's important - I am getting my money's worth IMHO. "
"Part of the tolerance comes from the fact that EA, Activision, and Ubisoft don't talk about their games this candidly.

There's a huge difference between how Ubisoft responded to the Watch Dogs downgrade fiasco and how CDPR is responding. And then there's the radio silence from From over Dark Souls 2"
"&gt; Why didn't they just say this earlier. It's not mind blowing that a 350$ console is holding back a game. 

This isn't a quote about a game being held back by consoles, it's a quote about financing game development by releasing on consoles.

It does not even for a minute admit that the consoles lack power.

The closest they come to such an admission is by saying they could probably get more on the PC. 

I strongly suspect they're still bound by the implied contract that other developers/publishers have been seen dancing around at trade shows and such (in regards to how consoles aren't achieving 1080p@60, for example) where people are *not allowed* to mention the power of the current generation of consoles in a negative light. "
"I wouldn't count that example as a reason Smedley is a hypocrite, I'm guessing the streamer would have been in on the joke.


I don't agree with the 'Name and Shame' thing they have going, but that example is not a very good example of the poor choices and priorities of H1Z1."
"If they had said it like they just did, people complaining about the downgrade would have been answered with ""but the consoles allowed them to get the funding they needed to make the game,"" and there's not much you can do to counter this statement because it seems the only alternative is that they make a smaller/generally lower quality game for PC only. After that response is repeated for a few days, people would probably stop talking about it."
"People can't win with you can they? They came out and said they changed the rendering, that it had to be done for the seemless open world and you're still not satisfied? Witcher 3 still looks GORGEOUS, but oh noo thats not enough for you! They *lied*! Hang them! Never buy a game form them again! Grow the fuck up."
"Well while it may be false advertising now, like he said back then they didn't know they would change the rendering system when they released those trailers back in 2013. And he also said that he does regret it a bit because it was misleading, but that's how it is unfortunately. "
"You say that as if it's somehow hypocritical. It's not strange at all that people are willing to give the benefit of the doubt to a company they feel have earned their trust, whereas they wouldn't do the same for a company they feel have consistently pissed all over that trust in recent memory."
"&gt; IMO, the best solution is the old cheaters list server. You ban the cheaters from all normal servers, leaving only a cheaters server open which all the cheaters can play together to their hearts content.

I never really understood this. Why keep them at all ? Just perma ban them (or from using multiplayer if it has a single player component) and story is closed. I don't see why people who deliberately want to fuck with other's experience of the game should be allowed to keep playing quietly.

And if they want to play again, they have to buy another copy, so everybody wins."
"&gt;Consoles carry the Video Games industry the same way movie theaters carry the film industry and cable carries the television industry

Aren't movie theaters increasingly difficult to keep in business, and cable television having their lunch eaten by streaming services like netflix? Not a great metaphor. "
"For the record, before the witcher 2 on the 360 was even a thought in CPR's head the gamepad controls where just soooooooo much better.

And, if memory serves me right, the original witcher's keyboard controls where rather wonky as well. But its been quite awhile since I've played that...

Me thinks CPR just has trouble figuring how they want the game to control on a keyboard/mouse. "
http://www.dsogaming.com/news/cd-projekt-red-reassures-fans-that-there-wont-be-a-downgrade-for-the-witcher-3-wild-hunt/
"So, a new game have a OPTIONAL feature that you can only enable if you have the new generation card.

Why the outrage and the bitching and moaning?"
"Sorry to maybe sound mean about this, but you and a ton of other people obviously don't understand that game development is complex.

At the time of the video that everyone is harping on about that is what the game looked like. That is what they wanted it to look like and what they were ultimately planning on it looking like. The truth of the matter is that as you make a game you realize ""Oh, we can't use these models and these textures any more because the game doesn't function with them in it any more"" and so it changes.  Every game ever has had to change in some way because it was not technically possible to do go with the original plan. Every single game has that happen, and with a huge open world game it will happen constantly.

The alternative to making the videos they made 2 years prior to release is either don't show any videos at all until the game is almost out (Which I think would be great, but we don't live in a world where that's feasible anymore) or show a deliberately worse looking game than they plan to have. That's simply not going to happen for a multitude of reasons.

If a video came out a day before release and looked nothing like the final game then sure, that's some underhanded shit, but getting angry at a developer for making what are ultimately tiny changes 2 years later just shows how little most gamers understand about game development."
"It will be fun if they remove the god awful fatigue system.

I am sick of ported mmo's with god awful fatigue/stamina systems.

I HATE THIS MECHANIC. Make money any other way BUT this...."
"Yes, and either in manual or in game tooltip this was wroten:

""UberSampling: high quality rendering mode. Use with caution, only on top-end computers (best possible in terms of both GPU and CPU)."" "
"Has anyone else noticed the dithering pop-in?

Happens on nearly everything but it's most notable on hair.

Essentially if you look away from something, or it wanders too far away and then comes close again it has a dithering load in.

Look at the griffon's mane: http://i.imgur.com/dWyb7S9.jpg
"
"The complaining started when the videos of the full game appeared, before it was out for people to play. Naturally, people judged it based on the graphics and they didn't get what they expected. 

Now that the game's out, the overall opinion has already started to change as more and more people share their positive experiences of actually playing the game."
The article states that they changed the lighting system after VGX because it didn't work well throughout the entire world and needed a lot of specific dynamic lighting. You have no idea how complicated games are.
"I'm all for championing people's right to complain about whatever the fuck they want, but this ""controversy"" is ridiculous. These guys are the developers, I bet my left nut none of the people complaining about the downgrade have ever been involved in the development of software, things change all the time, massive changes can happen that end up impacting a shitton of other things. If they decided to take those features out then I don't doubt them at all and trust they've made the right decision.

The game plays fantastic, looks fantastic, is written amazingly and it's the best RPG I've played in years, and some downgrades won't ever change my opinion, but them adding more options for people with multiple GTX Titans in SLI isn't a bad thing by any stretch, if only for amazing screenshots to watch and masturbate over."
"/r/fireteams is a great place to find groups.

That being said, I'm on the fence.  You REALLY don't want to be in a group of people without mics for the raids.  Communication is absolutely necessary for certain puzzles.  For the new ""horde"" mode, it doesn't seem AS necessary to have communication, but I would still prefer it for knowing where things are and if things are clear to move ahead."
"[**@yosp**](https://twitter.com/yosp):
&gt;[2015-05-21 00:45:12 UTC](https://twitter.com/yosp/status/601186946988244992)

&gt;So I have been asked by many people if we are making DLC for Bloodborne. I can say... An expansion is coming. More info later this year. :D

----

[^[Mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/36p66q%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](http://np.reddit.com/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)
"
"This will be a definite buy for me, Bloodborne has an absolutely beautiful design all around - I spent hours walking around and just looking at the city."
"I also have steam on my backup computer and my laptop, even though I have a gaming rig. 

I'm not sure that survey is completely representative, especially since it's voluntary. "
"I believe those systems exist in MMOs from Korea cause it's part of the law or something to limit game time.  You know, since we hear about how young kids end up starving to death from playing games waaay too long in net cafes and whatnot."
"Id be shocked if more than 10% can do that now.

people like to act like the average PC gamer has some monster rig, and always maxes out every game with 100+ FPS, but most people are probably only playing new AAA releases in the medium to high range.

"
"Excellent, Bloodborne is an amazing game, as expected from Miyazaki. Still, it's not without faults and I really hope they address a few things. Specifically, I really hope they make chalice dungeons more interesting. They were a great idea on paper, but outside a few great bosses, they're so incredibly dull to play. A Diablo-style procedural dungeon crawler with Souls combat sounds like the perfect game, but right now, the ""random"" dungeons just don't offer the variety needed to keep me engaged in them. It's quite annoying that were forced to play them just to get the gems needed for viable PVP play, alongside some runes. At the very least, co-op needs to be overhauled to make connecting to people easier in them, because me and a friend tried for nearly an hour to connect to each others dungeons, before giving it up and doing them solo. It is a grind, and not a good one, at least IMO."
"Hell yes. Amazing game but one of my only gripes was how much of it there was.

Cannot wait to play more."
If the report is for graphics maybe they should at least try and hit the minimum specs instead of getting a sub-par card and blaming it on the game?
"Titans struggling with this game? U wot m8, my 970 is handling it just fine on all ultra except hairworks at roughly 60fps"
"Exactly - if someone wants to cheat again - buy another copy of the game.

That's why a competitive game like CSGO is never going to go F2P. But it gets discounts on its already cheap price which brings so many cheaters after every sale.

Cheaters have multiple accounts and they know they will get banned eventually, so they keep buying more to play with cheats on these sales."
"As a longtime and avid gamer, I can without a doubt say that I would hate my job if my customers were gamers. I understand that last year was the year of broken promises so the pitchforks are ever at the ready, but the level of response from the community on this issue is a bit ridiculous. I've always respected CD Projekt and this release from them is concise, to the point, open and honest. I rest easy knowing I never panicked or threw stones throughout this debacle."
"They delayed the game twice to get to where we're now and it sounds like to get the graphics/performance we want it would take longer.  If they had said we're releasing a ""downgraded"" version now because of time and cost but will release a later patch/version with improved graphics and performance, I'm sure most people would be fine with that.  The quality of the game demands a multi-platform release, because from what I've seen there's 50 hours of quality SIDE QUESTS.  That's unbelievable"
"Happy to hear this. I loved the game, but to me, it has the least replay value out of any of the Souls games. Chailice dungeons are a great idea, but weren't really executed well."
"i disagree, i dont think it was a great idea at all. What makes Souls games great is its intricate and well-thought out level design.  Make it procedural generated and you reduce the beauty of the franchise."
"Be that as it may, unless a movie bombs at the box office and manages to redeem itself as a cult classic over the course of many years, the majority of its profits are going to come from movie theater showings. Movie theaters prop up and massively boost the profits of the movie industry."
"Same. I was really surprised at how well it runs on my GTX 750TI. I put it on a mix of medium and high settings and it stays around 40 FPS outside. (I haven't been to the big town yet so idk about there). 

Some cutscenes it does dip down into the lower 30s but i rarely see it dip below 30fps"
"Kind of feels like he's on a tricycle when he awkwardly runs a few laps around the barrel I'm tying to loot. There's just way to much momentum. humans are nimbler than that, and witchers damn well better be."
It is possible to do procedural generation well enough that you still have an interestingly designed world. Bloodborne did not accomplish this. They didn't have enough assets to make it work.
"Honestly, I just flat-out hated the chalice dungeons, and don't even think they sound like a good idea on paper.

The best part of the Souls games (and Bloodborne) IMO is the world and level design. Enemy placement and world variety absolutely *make* the game what it is, so to instead just fight through randomly-generated dungeons with no real ""level design"" completely removes everything good about the games IMO."
"I thought this was expected since there were doors that stated they were locked and never had a key to open them.

edit: apparently the door I'm thinking of leads to the cleric beast bridge fight.  Still, wasn't DLC expected since the last 2 From Software games had DLC?"
"Nvidia doesn't decide what gets rendered when, or what has tessellation, or how much tessellation something has. The developer decides that."
"I like not loading through a door by mistake when I was trying to pick something up on the other side.  Now I can just turn back, woo!"
"That would betray the very large console audience who've been following the Witcher franchise. I'm all for PC but that would not be cool, imagine if the next Elder Scrolls game went console-exclusive - while not having the crowd-funding you mentioned it would be essentially the same consequence to those gamers.

It's not about the money, money, money. It's about the - game."
"Heavy Weapons Guy' (of [TF2](http://www.teamfortress.com/) ) minigun had a few nerfs done to him last year.

First was a 1s damage and accuracy ramp up. What that basically meant was from the time it took for HWG to rev his minigun up (0.8s) there was an added 1s of continuous fire before the minigun would reach peak damage. Peak damage before the nerf was a constant ~54-~68 per unit of ammo, after nerf ~26 after 1s of firing, damage was equal to pre-nerf days.

Accuracy I never really noticed. It's irrelevant anyway because the accuracy part was removed a few months later, kinda. The accuracy ramp up is now included in the rev up time.

There was also a weird [update](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xdguqn_nQc4) that made it slower to switch weapons after reving up the minigun but that was reverted recently."
"I haven't been involved in development, but I do understand that these sort of changes can happen. I don't really have an issue with the downgrade specifically, it still looks great.

My issue with all this is that they marketed the game back in 2013 with gameplay footage. The fact that they had to downgrade in itself is understandable. They probably just didn't think that it would be such a big deal or didn't expect any drastic downgrade. I just want them to be little bit more careful next time and retain from releasing gameplay footage before they know what their showing is something they can actually deliver.

Based on what I saw they also didn't handle the complaints all that well at the start. [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IU9rlkCOk9E) interview just left a bad taste in my mouth. I mean he says stuff like ""It's impossible to downgrade a game that did not exist before"" and how its not a downgrade, its an optimization. He might semantically be right on those points, but the fact that he went to semantics rather than just answering directly is something I was somewhat disappointed and frustrated by.

But in this Eurogamer article they did say that they were sorry for anyone that made their purchasing decision based on the 2013 materials and that's really all I personally wanted to hear from them. Now I just need to find enough spare money to buy the damn thing."
"Yup, past two witchers felt similar. Really though I can't imagine keyboard/mouse being superior than controller, no matter how you tweak it, for 3rd person melee combat"
"Yeah, I cared about this when it was getting hyped about five years ago. The MMO boat has long since left port for me. "
"Well if they went THAT way, The Witcher 3 would still be in alpha and it won't release for another few years.

Besides, Star Citizen was quite an exception in terms of crowfunding. $70 million total from crowdfunding? That's highly unusual. But $70 million total from conventional means (publishers, console-makers, etc.) if you're a well-known developer? Totally normal."
"the biggest problem with the chalice dungeons is how worthless the first 3 depths are. it should have been just the depth 4 &amp; 5 that stayed, since those are actually quite interesting and rewarding. Should have been the kind of content left only after your nearing the end of the game.



"
"I think the biggest problem is the lack of loot. Bloodborne was the worst game to put this on just because of how little stuff there is in the game. Imagine random dungeons in Dark Souls 2 where you could find late-game weapons, armor, shields, rings, etc. earlier. Opening a chest to find a full set of Monastery armor or a Drakekeeper's Warpick would be awesome. In BB you get gems (+10% attack, woo, very exciting) or the same weapons you can get in the main game with a few tweaks."
"that's just the door on the bridge to cleric beast. If you read a note, it says that door was closed on purpose because of the beasts and stuff. So it's not going to be part of the dlc"
"They did state several times that there were no downgrades in visuals and that ultra settings weren't being used in footage that looked worse.  I love the game,  but the developers were at the very least not being fully forthcoming in the past 6 months. I can't run the game at those visuals anyway so I don't care that much.  By the time I can I hope to see an enhanced edition again "
"From wasn't radio silent about that. What are you talking about? They came out and said that massive compromises would have been made to the game to get the world to look like the original previews, compromises that weren't an issue during the vertical slice. At one point there was a playable build with all of the effects in, but the game was split up into many different areas with long load times in-between them and some areas were still tanking in fps. They felt removing the effects was the best solution. And it's not like the effects were just on an on/off switch. Changes had to be made to the engine. The issue is not as simple as people make it out to be."
Absolutely. There are so many areas in the game that are completely optional and missable. I used to hope that someone would discover another area for me to explore. Now I can look forward to it. 
"The patch has a changelog of about 600 points, not necessarily 600 new graphics options. They did specifically mention that they'd be beefing that aspect up, though."
"Yeah, people say that DS1-2 and too many weapons\armor that did the same thing and was useless but what they forgot was that it all came with flavor text that expanded the world, told you who you were fighting, their backstory and connected them to other characters and places"
"Exactly, I don't care if only 0.1% of people can even think about running the game(which is how its being justified here). I don't care if they had to do it due to financial reasons. At the end of the day they lied. I think they stayed quiet for the sake of preorders which is why now all of a sudden they wanna talk about it. Made me lose a lot of respect for a company I thought was in an entirely separate class."
"&gt; And yet people are still adamant about ""consoles holding back gaming"".

The biggest damage consoles did for PC games was control schemes/UIs and memory. The PS4/XB1 have a good amount of RAM now, so that factor is largely diminished at present, but it was fairly noticeable in prior generations.

Control schemes/UIs will likely forever be an issue -- it's obvious in games like TW3 that they designed it with a controller in mind. It's 100% playable with kb&amp;m, but there are annoyances. And that's true of most PC games that are also on consoles. And that's a factor that doesn't depend on hardware at all.

I think the rest is misplaced blame, where the rise of gaming in general coincided with the rise of consoles. As games got significantly more popular, they began to be significantly be more geared towards mass-market appeal, which killed off (before kickstarter) many popular genres."
"It doesn't address the other (I personally think, larger issue) mentioned in this quote:
&gt; If they made their purchasing decision based on the 2013 materials, I'm deeply sorry for that...

If you look at the end of that 2013 VGX trailer, it mentions ""Preorder now"".  That was the specific intent of that trailer, it's explicitly written out. You start it with ""gameplay footage"", show the visuals, and then give the link on how to buy/preorder it. Fairly cut and dry. You can't really be surprised that people would make their purchasing decisions based on such an early trailer, when that is what it's literal intent is.

I understand the realities of game's making and how important it is for marketing and preordering campaigns etc. I just wish the people involved understood the effects of their actions.  If you show your visuals under those circumstances, you are going to be setting expectations (now matter how attainable or not) for the final product. So if you don't want to let down those expectations of your audience, then you should choose your marketing materials more carefully. Any ""backlash"" or ""negative PR"" is a direct result of that."
"Well, this style of game can work incredibly well with a m/kb, so let's dispel that notion. Shadow of Mordor and Batman are the two most easily comparable games, and they're both games that I would choose a M/Kb over a gamepad any day of the week. Why? Because I can control the camera at the same time I do the combat. When you're using the gamepad, your right thumb is on the face buttons and you naturally can't move the camera; in both Mordor and Batman, it makes it vastly easier to know what's going on around you during combat if you can control the camera at the same time as doing the punches. Oh, and I hated having to press two different buttons at the same time to do grapples and such, and preferred the keyboard's hit F or whatever to do a grapple. 

With the Witcher 3, I use a controller though, because the mouse and keyboard controls are utter shit. "
"Cool, I've made it to the third boss so if this comes out in 2019 I should be about finished the game and ready for the expansion."
"Even without the flavor text, the variety of weapons (in Dark Souls 2 especially) is fantastic. Oftentimes weapons in a similar weapon class will have different move sets. And there are enough weapons that there are a lot of different move set options, and everyone can find something they like. 

Outside of actual gameplay, the sheer number of weapons and armor make it very fun to play Fashion Souls. You can really personalize your character. For example, there are something like 15 ultra greatswords in Dark Souls 2, and all of them look unique."
"I was on board for MM in end game, until I tried MM for the weekly heroic since they added that in a bit ago......

Fucking nightmare. When I first joined both people were level 30 and had queued up for the level 32 version, but I though ah fuck it it'll be fine. We get all the way to the boss after me basically carrying them since they are under leveled, and they both leave because I guess they got tired of dying. Invited two friends in to finish it off real quick.

TLDR: Tried MM for Weekly Heroic, has convinced me that MM for end game content is a horrible idea. "
"Yeah, the visual variety is huge for me. The Zweihander and Smelter Sword may have largely the same moveset but one is a fairly standard sword that you can use for a knight character in plate armor while the other is a goddamn fire sword made of molten rock to go with a demonic pyromancer.     
  
Meanwhile in Bloodborne if you want a big sword you use Ludwig's and that's it."
"I'm trying to picture a graphics options screen with 600 independent options for things like.

* Fur Detail
  * Animal
     * Dog
     * Wolf
     * Cat
     * Horse
  * Clothing
     * Coats
     * Boots
     * Pants

Etc.

And [Totalbiscuit's reaction](http://i.imgur.com/JWUTRv2.png)
"
"Eh, if actual criticism is just whining that a game doesn't look as good as the trailer showed a long time ago then I'd rather stick with some actual facts about the game. Even if it is promotional material with a very positive spin, can make me excited for a game rather than constant moaning about graphics."
"&gt; If they made their purchasing decision based on the 2013 materials, I'm deeply sorry for that, and we are discussing how we can make it up to them because that's not fair.

THANK YOU. This has been my whole argument with the downgrade. Developers should strive to create accurate representations of the products they will sell. Even worse, to this day that original 2013 trailer has been used to promote the game, even though it no longer accurately represents the final product. That's just false advertising and it's my main ethical gripe with the downgrade."
"Nah, selflessness is a part of Batman's character. Despite his penchant for vengeance in many stories featuring him, he still cares deeply for others, even though he might not always admit it. He does what he does to ensure that no one else would go through the pain he experienced."
"I just pictured normal customers acting like gamers for a second, ordering at McDonalds and screaming to the cashier that their Big Mac doesn't look like the picture hahaha "
"Optional areas were my favorite. [spoiler](#s ""Cainhurst Castle"") is gorgeous. Hoping for another unique area like it. "
"I like that part but dammit those Tentacle faced beasts right outside are a pain to fight, high HP, long reach and high damage. The Trifecta of pain. "
"I said some shit about this at a different forum before the game released, but after playing 8 hours of it, I can say that I am absolutely blown away by the visuals and understand why expanding the VGX visuals to the released world would overtax ... anything really.

I wouldn't mind a side Witcher story with Witcher 2-like environments at the VGX detail level, though.. just saying."
"i really liked how TOB showed the origin of ""count to 4, inhale, count to 4 exhale""

plus almost all the stuff BJ says under his breath throughout the game is hilarious"
"I think people are looking at Witcher 2 with a bit of rose colored glasses. The game looked good, but it still had a lot of problems. 

Clunky menus, input lag, graphical glitches and errors, etc. "
"Ummm I want to say it is. I have probably 10 close friends that I have made from WoW during my 7 years of playing. We have moved from game to game together. When one of us finds a new game. We all try it. It never sticks and we move on. This group has not gained a new member in all the entirety we have hung out. 

When I say we're close I mean we text all of each other regular about everything normal friends do in real life and always hang out mumble. Being physically around each other couldn't make any of us closer.  I guess it's just hard to join out circle, because yeah in the 7 years I have known these guys we haven't ever added new friends. "
"Not really.. Batman usually doesn't give his own actions much merit for being selfless as much as other people do. Amanda Waller, a character that has fought with him multiple times, once said that she's ""never met anyone who cared as deeply about his fellow man as Bruce Wayne."" Many other characters have attested to this, and his altruism has been shown time and time again in his interactions with the Bat family, Jim Gordon, villains, fellow heroes, Gotham City, etc."
"Negative PR for..?

Blizzard issued a massive banwave in WoW and everyone's delighted, because *nobody likes playing against cheaters.*"
"Brain Suckers hold the record for getting me to go ""No...no..NONONONONONO...God fucking damnit."" the most times. "
"GTAV looks fantastic, but the environments are clearly far less dense in that game.  The Witcher 3 is the first open world game I've ever played where walking through a dense forest feels like walking through a dense forest."
"I think it depends on the social aspect of the game and the goal objectives.


WoW you have Arena and and PvE content, where one person dying doesn't matter, but they can be kicked/forced out of the group. But on top of it you can just have a fun social aspect where you can chill, and don't need to be good at the game, you just need social skills.


League/Evolve/etc is different as there is ONLY objective based gameplay and no screwing around. There's a chat service, but since there's nothing to do while chatting it's not integral to the game.


The best way to make friends on purely objective based games would be a steam group/sub reddit/Facebook page looking for friends that play the game, and don't mind different skill levels or time zones. 


People exist in games like league/Dota but I believe they're rare as most already have friends outside of the game, or don't want to socialise with other people. "
"I'm a little confused. Gamers flipped when Aliens: Colonial Marines showed a demo with amazing visuals that looked nothing like the actual game. This seems to be a very similar situation but so many of the comments are so forgiving of Witcher 3. Was it because A:CM also had problems like bad AI? Genuinely curious. 

Personally, I feel like stuff like this should be always be called out or less reputable companies like EA, Ubisoft, etc. will push to make this the new norm. Just give them the benefit of the doubt if they've treated gamers well in the past. Even Valve makes mistakes (paid mods debacle). And ffs, don't preorder if you don't like the risk of getting burned."
"OG titans were workstation cards marketed to people with too much money, they're not really all that great for gaming."
"Apples and oranges.  Aliens was completely terrible top to bottom and nothing at all like the demo,  which was entirely scripted. This is just visual differences. "
"I just don't get why they promised no downgrade, and have been skirting around that fact. If they had just said ""we were wrong, sorry"" and gave this in-depth explanation before, I think a lot less people would be upset."
"This is so exciting, if it's even half as good as Artorias of the Abyss was for Dark Souls then this will be a day-one buy."
"&gt; Considering the majority hardware on Steam's survey are laptop GPUs and 'less and 1080p' monitors, you're probably not wrong.

I wish they'd let you filter down to see the hardware that people playing certain games have. Ie, if you've bought or played more than an hour in CoDAW, you can pull just the survey for those people. Would be more interesting than seeing all the laptops and netbooks that have Steam installed alongside the higher end desktops."
"I found the groups and friends I play with by chance, not by trying, honestly. My main gaming group I found because I was playing Natural Selection 2 for the first time with a joke name which the guy I was playing with liked and we exchanged some jokes and added each other. We didnt really talk much after that, but one day he asked if I wanted to hop on Teamspeak with a few mates of his and play a game of League. I've been talking with them for about two-three years now. I met one of my best friends on the web by fucking around in Spiral Knights plaza with some other guildies.

Any game you can make long lasting friends, but it's more luck on if both sides want that to be a long lasting friendship. If you want to put in the effort, they may not want to, and it fails, and that jades you from trying ever. Often on games like League, the people already have a group they play with or friends they play with often, so it's a bit harder, but I've made a good few friends on there too.

If you want to make friends on league, find a TS or Mumble group and hook up there. Or if you frequent any community chats, someone probably plays there, hit them up. Finding friends through the community is pretty rare."
"Can't speak for him, but if you disable the IGP in the BIOS, you can't use it at all in the OS. And there are reasons to leave it active. Handbrake video transcoding with an Intel IGP's Quicksync is much faster, for example. "
"I think it was just a shortcut they decided to remove, probably because of the drastic loading that would need to occur switching areas so quickly"
Absolutely rose tinted glasses. EQ was torture in many ways. Memorable torture but torture all the same.
"So, when Shigeru Miyamoto ""scolded"" the team saying that ""the game has no appeal,"" from the Iwata Asks interview, they said they passed the prototype of the black and white tofu ink game around in the department, it just so happens that Shigeru responded with that.

I really feel that there are two different stories in regards to being ""scolded"". But that's just me. 

Also, black tofu (or sesame tofu) tastes really awesome, which is on par with white (regular) tofu. I am surprised that the ink each tofu represents are not labeled as soy sauce and milk cream.

Overall, this gives an insight on the development of Splatoon, as well as emphasizing that planning and prototyping early is important for game development. But I never thought that they would forgo programming out a prototype and not use paper prototype, which I was told it's better... Then again, it really depends on the skills the developers have. And this gave me the motivation to work harder on my skillsets.

Once Splatoon is released, I do hope to play their top-down tofu prototype, and experience how early prototypes are developed into what the final game is to be. Learning how they would put the core concepts of shooting inks from the tofu's noses and keeping it throughout the game consistently is something I aspire to learn more about.

Iwata Asks never fails to intrigue me.
"
"AMD (ATI) didn't mind dishing it out. When Half-Life 2 came out it ran like crap on NVidia chips because ATI paid Valve a lot of money and Valve used 24-bit floats which NVidia didn't support. You decide if you think that was a quid pro quo or just simply Valve not caring if cards not from their sponsors worked well.

But now AMD sees optimizing for one vendor as foul play.

http://forums.bit-tech.net/showthread.php?t=76363&amp;highlight=ati+half-life"
"That pun at the end... Good job, translator.

The original japanese was まあ、いいじゃなイカ, which I *think* is a pun that goes like this: まあ is ""Well,"" いい is ""good,"" and ""じゃない"" translates in this case to ""isn't it,"" but they cut off the い, which is a long ""e"" sound, and replaced it with イカ, pronounced ""eee-ka,"" which means squid. So you have, ""Well, isn't it fine?"" with the added ""ka"" at the end that makes it a squid pun.

As someone who knows practically no Japanese, this was my best guess."
"It's a whole industry wide problem. Just Google ""bullshots"".

It's a combination of bullshit and screenshot, used to describe press releases from developers that look nothing like the final product.

It's kind of sad that it happens so often that there's a term for it."
"People on Reddit and other people on the internet who have a problem with the downgrade, are only a small part of the gaming community. Most people don't care about these things and only want a fun game. "
Continue reading the sentence. He talks about how he and his team are figuring out how to make it up to those people. 
"I hate when people bring up that Shigeru quote assuming the game was nearly complete, even in the interview they admitted they saw no  appeal to the game, and even with game testing not everyone was excited about the concept. Miyamoto was blunt and honest with them, and they were well aware of it.

That said, I was surprised the game was only 10% completed at the reveal. Crazy!

I wish they had gone more into the music of the game, which I think is also a big part of the art style of it. "
"I remember two years ago when [AMD were going on about tressFX](http://www.vrworld.com/2013/03/06/tomb-raider-amd-touts-tressfx-hair-as-nvidia-apologizes-for-poor-experience/)

nVidia had bad performance when it was on and apologised for it. AMD here are doing nothing but bad mouthing the competition. "
"How could it not be a lie, though? If someone outside of CDPR said that there would be no downgrades and then there were, then that person would be wrong. If devs of CDPR said that there were no downgrades when they knew that downgrades had happened, that is a lie. "
"You don't balance/design a game around the 1% of your userbase.

**SAYING THAT**... being able to make the UI you want can be very important."
"&gt; Because even if they did, they would be crucified for it regardless by gamers.

What is the point of lying then?"
"I wish WoW would do this. I would love to play through vanilla, BC, and WOTLK again. Absolutely loved it, played it for 6 years straight almost. The new expansion was awesome at launch then got extremely boring with grinding gear and such. "
Well I mean if we wanted to take it there the witcher 1 and the witcher 2 were pc only because they didn't have enough money to put their game on console. (Witcher 2 only came out on console later). So the only reason the game even has the opportunity to be on console is because of the PC crowd. 
Well yeah it sounds kind of childish but they are not exactly making you do it. They are giving you an option to get yourself unbanned and it is your decision to post an apology video.
"Even Crysis, **THE** PC-optimized game that spawned an entire performance-related meme because of its huge graphical advances, had bullshots. If you look up promo shots for the game you'll find visuals that are impossible in the game. Even in trailers they were heavily misleading in just how dynamic the game was, and yet people still reference these materials with fond memories without realizing they were, by their own definition, ""lied to"".

In this day and age I'm so cynical that I never assume a game will be as good as ANY of the promotional material, even gameplay. It's usually scripted, faked footage that is meant to sell the game instead of actually demoing it for you. If they did, they probably wouldn't get a sale. That said, Nintendo does a remarkable job of avoiding this. I can't think of a single advertisement they've made that had some level of falsification to it. In fact, the games usually end up looking and running better in the final product. Old promo videos for Zelda, Mario, Bayonetta, Metroid, etc. are all final-product-accurate at best. Sony, Microsoft, EA, Ubisoft, and the rest have all used misleading advertising in the past and it isn't hard to find at all, though, which is rather unfortunate. If Nintendo can do it, I don't really see why other companies can't, but I guess they try harder to sell their products so they see it as a necessary move. "
"&gt; its graphics were abysmal

You what mate? It wasn't the most beautiful game ever but its graphics received praise in reviews, same for Witcher 2."
"Not to be an nVidia fanboy, but really? 

Last time I checked, AMD and nVidia are competitors. Why is nVidia the bad guy for making new technologies that gives them the edge in video game graphics?  
I get exclusivity and how it sucks, but wouldn't this just be an incentive to actually buy nVidia cards until AMD catches up? (instead of the opposite, which many people want to happen now). "
"&gt; If you look up promo shots for the game you'll find visuals that are impossible in the game.

Like this one?: http://media.moddb.com/images/articles/1/133/132087/auto/1373160890crysis1.jpg

Funny, you are the first person I have read that says this. When I told this in forums and to my friends at the time, all of them said that shots like that were possible in ultra settings or things like that, I told them it was not, the lighting and shaders were far more advanced, and no one believed me.
"
I love that all we talk about are the witcher 3 graphics... but that game is sooooo good. it looks simply amazing and the gameplay is amazing as well.
"This has to be the worst generation of consoles.

PS1, 2, 3 were pretty high end for their time when they were launched, if I remember right for Oblivion you needed some insane PC build to surpass the X360 graphics (not taking into account mods).
"
"I felt exactly the same way about The Witcher 2, which I could never finish because of the terrible controls.

What I will say is that in comparison, Witcher 3 is a big improvement.

But you are absolutely right, it's still clunky and locking onto enemies is an absolute no no if there's more than one.

Turning vsync off helped a little for me, but there are still lots of issues.

CDPR do not know how to make a character that controls well. W3 still seems to stop responding to your input half a second after you stop pressing something - i.e. hold the analogue stick forward, let go and watch when he stops moving. There's a big delay there, even without vsync on.

EDIT:

What I will say is that with W3 it's not something I notice until I'm in a hectic fight - but I feel like I've died more times because Geralt didn't respond to the controls or got stuck on something rather than because I made a mistake. There are a couple of times where I'll try to dodge and he does nothing - or the counter attack triggers a short while after I've pressed left trigger."
"It didn't happen in Everquest, but in another game with pretty severe death mechanics at least by today's standards.  It was in Gemstone, probably back in the 90s.  A text-based RPG where you had to purchase favors from the gods and if you died you used one of those favors.  Corpses sat for 10 minutes before decaying if not kept alive with a potion and needed to be healed by an empath before a cleric could resurrect.  If you died without a favor and you decayed your character was gone for good.

I was a human empath and liked to explore which is probably not something empaths should really do.  They're built to sit at nodes of power, usually town gates or other meeting areas, and heal people and gossip.  Most times an empath couldn't move if they wanted to due to the amount of scarring and lost limbs.  Basically, the way healing worked was you transferred the injuries from another player to yourself.  If they were missing a leg, then you would lose yours.  If they had massive head trauma, then suddenly you did too and you couldn't use magic anymore and relied on another empath to heal it.  It was an interesting system.

Anyway, I was exploring an area that was relatively unknown.  A sort of remnant of a bygone era.  The game had changed hands early on and that resulted in areas needing to be renamed to avoid trademark issues.  For example, the main city changed from Khelfour's Landing to Whenimer's Landing.  The place I was exploring was called Stonehold, a gnoll city that was very well hidden and difficult to get into.  If you didn't know it was there you wouldn't just stumble across it.

The trick with Stonehold was that since it is a gnoll stronghold, the ceilings are very short.  Anyone taller than a dwarf or a gnome could not stand up straight so you had to crawl on your hands and knees.  This also meant you were very vulnerable to attack and could not attack anything yourself.  The place was also full of nasty traps, and I found that out the hard way by failing to get past the very first one.

Upon entering Stonehold you find yourself in a tall entry hall.  This is the point where you find out ""Hey, you're too tall.  You need to crawl to move forward.""  This is also a spot where it is crucial to move quickly... something you won't do when trying to figure out that you need to crawl to move forward.  If you are bigger than a gnoll in terms of weight and stand there more than 5 seconds the floor is on a hinge and it dumps you into a cell.  I got dumped into the cell.

Now the really fun part.  While death mechanics were nasty, they still didn't take your inventory when you died.  It's possible you would drop your weapon if you died by a hand or arm getting lopped off, but otherwise you were fine.  Not so in the gnoll cell.  The guards come in and take anything of value off of you, any weapons, any poisons, any lockpicks... anything you could use to escape.  Then they scatter your items throughout the stronghold for anyone to just take.

I was not prepared for this trip and lost a lot of stuff that it took me years to earn.  The only way out is to have someone sneak in and unlock the door or to take off *all* of your inventory and swim out through what was basically a sewer outflow.  Choosing the latter meant you lost everything, even the things the guards didn't take from you.  I would be damned if I was going to do that so I called out to friends for help.

I sat in that dungeon for 8 real hours waiting for someone who A) knew where it was, B) knew how to get in, C) would risk even trying it.  Finally a good friend of mine logged on and made the trip to save me.  She made it to the cell and got the door unlocked.  We didn't dare trying to get my items, we just wanted to get out and regroup.  I figured I could try to get my stuff once I had stashed my other items so I didn't lose anything else.

On the way out, just before the courtyard and unbeknownst to us, there is a line of guard towers manned by gnoll guards with bows.  These are literally the only things in the place that will attack you on sight, and they aren't even something you can fight off, they are just stationed in towers.  One got a lucky shot and boom, my friend is critted in the head and dead.  The good news is we were in an area we could stand so I was able to drag her body to safety.  The bad news is she had no favors.

So now I'm responsible for one of my friends who has a character years older than mine (real years) about to lose her character for good.  I have lifekeeping vials, so I sit there prying her mouth open and pouring them in, keeping her from decomposing at 10 minutes a pop.  It's not a finite vial, though, and it took us hours to find a cleric willing to help.  I was quite literally on my last few doses when he got there.

Anyway, it was another four hours waiting on this cleric, another good friend of mine.  He got through to us and I healed my friend's body and he got her resurrected and we made our escape rather uneventfully after that.  The whole ordeal took about 15 hours and I was exhausted, but the cleric (who happened to be a gnome) was willing to go back in and check for my stuff.  Unfortunately it was gone.  While the area wasn't known to many it was still a target of dwarf and gnome rogues who would trawl the place for people's stuff... especially after hearing someone call for help on the thought net like I did.

Despite all of this I was enamored with the place and I rolled my own gnome rogue for the soul purpose of exploring it.  It's full of gnoll NPCs who still talk about Khelfour's Landing and it just kind of made me feel special to be one of the few to venture in and witness it.  Sadly a year or so later some wizard went in and killed all the NPCs and, since the area wasn't really active, no GMs bothered to go in and fix the destruction.

Anyway, it might not be a hugely interesting story but it's stuck with me nearly 25 years later.  Death mechanics like that really do make for interesting game play and make for fine stories.  It was always interesting to be an empath at the gate when someone came in dragging a beheaded armless corpse behind them and hearing the story behind it while you tended to the body.  I miss it a lot, and actually am still active in Simutronics' games, but there is some magic from back then that's really difficult to recapture.  It's probably due more experience than anything, though.  I envy people who get to experience all those things for the first time."
"There are definitely issues with the control and it feels clumsy at times, but it's not as bad as you make it out IMO. The turning circle is annoying, but at least with a controller you get used to it quickly. The horse is a bit hard to control at times when running, but you don't need to be running with it most of the time outside of roads where it's easy. The interface is fine, I don't get what people are having problems with, but then again I only play in 1080p. The Skyrim interface is is a bottomless asshole of an interface in comparison to Witcher 3.

As for locking on enemies, don't. It's not worth it unless you're literally fighting one enemy."
"I heard about it and expected much much worse.

I find it somewhat fine really, playing with xbox controller on pc. Yeah, it feels little worse than gta 5 or AC, but not bad at all, got used to controls in ~1 hour, and since combat doesnt require you to turn around and face enemy to attack, only annoyance is small spaces.

Horse controlls i actually like a lot. It feels ""heavy"" and it should be like that."
"Completely ruining? No. The rest of the game is fantastic so it would be hard to ruin. But yes, these control issues are fairly annoying. Another one is that ""Witcher sense"" and ""Block"" are both L2, but it only lets you start blocking when you're in combat. It gets a little frustrating for me trying to block before I get into battle but I just do the zoom in thingy. I want to be able to start blocking, then set off the battle so I'm prepared."
"""Geralt handles like a tank with the most enormous turning circle I've ever seen for a main character. You can't walk backwards, and simply turning around at a sharp angle is extremely difficult.""

Yup, resulted in numerous falls to my death on thin platforms that shouldn't have happened because turning causes him to veer to the side instead of just spinning around and going.

""The horse is even worse. You're almost guaranteed to get caught on some random shit when you're just trying to get from point A to B. And guess what? You can't walk backwards and you have an enormous turning circle, so half the time you're just stuck or you glitch through whatever you're stuck on. Real immersive.""

I don't get the horse, it's literally the same exact problem I had with the one in Dragon Age Inquisition, it saves no time ever; you can quickly travel on it as well but your going to constantly have to get off of it to loot plants, bodies and boxes that it kills any time you would have saved unless your going straight from A to B and don't care about anything inbetween but there lies another problem, there's fast travel points everywhere, and if your going from A to B it means you've already unlocked and looted the way so you'd have the fast travel point. Just fast travel. Yah, you can fight on it, sure... but there's really no reason too, with all the awkward turns and stuck animations and dealing with the horses fear and trying to line up the attacks which even as a vet of mount and blade I find to be really sketchy, you still need to get off the horse and loot everyone anyway, what did you save, what did you gain? Nothing.

""Interacting with objects is more difficult than it's worth. The game never seems to know what you're trying to interact with, and you usually end up lighting and extinguishing a candle a few times before it figures it out.""

Constant problem. Also looting things below you is also a pain in the ass since you can't look straight down so getting things in corners usually is finacky as well.

""The interface needs some serious work. Nearly all of the text is way too tiny. Your item bag is an incoherent mess. The screen is cluttered with too much and poorly sized information (fortunately you can turn most of it off on PC).""

Most apparent and infuriating every single fight when your trying to go through your bag of 24 oils, 20 different decocktions, 10 different bombs and a dozen different potions trying to find exactly what you need. Nothing is logically sorted, you'd think at the very least potion types would be sorted alphabetically but no, it only sorts them by type, all the oils in a line, all the potions in a line, need a exactly one? Prepare to do alot of mouse hovering until you memorize the bottle colors.

I also feel I need to complain about Oil further. I don't know anyone who complained about how it worked in Witcher 2, but they changed it to this incredibly stupid system of 20 strikes per application. But you can apply the oil again at any time with no penalty even mid swing in battle with the inventory time pause, and the bottle has unlimited uses. So if it's unlimited why do I need to apply it every single fight? If there's 8 fights of 5 bandits I need to apply the oil every single time to my steel sword, why can't it just keep it apply'd until I turn it off? There's no reason to ever not have a oiled blade, 95% of the time your Steel sword is going to have Hanged Man on it because that's a damage bonus vs humanoids so it might as well be permanent or in the old style of at least 30 minutes duration per use to stop inconviencing me every literal 3 minutes. If you must have this shit system atleast have the curtousy of putting in a mousewheel or a quick menu, christ.

I also wrote up a long post on the [uselessness of the crossbow as a weapon](http://www.reddit.com/r/witcher/comments/36mcs5/question_why_do_upgraded_crossbows_and_crossbow/) that again boggles my mind why it's there, and trying to manually aim that thing with this interface and controls whether mouse or controller is god awful.

The last bit of hell they added for 3 is the inclusion of the Batman detective vision, because apparently there was a law written circa-2012 that all triple A's must include this in some way. You have to walk around in this constantly to find lootable boxes, clues, complete quests, ect. It makes me physically ill after awhile of watching the fishbowl effect they put on the screen. Why couldn't it just continue to work 2's way with the aoe dolphin ecolocation that Inquisition ripped off? This new way, huge step back. 

Overall lots of stuff for modders and the inevitable enhanced edition to fix and when it does the game will be way better for it, because the story is great, the characters are great and I just wish that the new idea's and ui didn't make it such a chore to get to those parts.
"
"It's kinda clunky, sure, but ""ruining"" is a huge exaggeration. 

Like any control scheme, one can get used to it. MGS3 is one of my favorite games ever, but the controls took an age to get a true handle on. 

Now that I feel that I'm mastering the controls, Geralt can be very graceful in combat. It feels amazing to dance between 4 enemies and take them all down without taking a hit, knowing that it can and will go very wrong, very fast. However it took a lot of dying to get there. I'm playing on the hard difficulty (Blood and something something) so that sounds about right. 

I'm also getting used to the world exploration and getting over the accidental lightswitch OCD. It's not ideal and I agree that it could be better, but it could be worse. 

Roach is an arse though. He's only good for straight-line galloping and getting in the way during bandit fights. "
"Agreed, its like controlling the flash. Hate picking herbs, you run right past them and have to do a circular dance with the bush."
"I agree with Witcher 2, I think it's pretty intended from the developer, and it's just not something I enjoy so I haven't bothered to pick up W3. I probably will at some point because by all means they're awesome games."
"&gt; Geralt handles like a tank with the most enormous turning circle I've ever seen for a main character. You can't walk backwards, and simply turning around at a sharp angle is extremely difficult.

It could have been better and is annoying ones in a while, but definitely not ""ruining my game"".

&gt; The horse is even worse. You're almost guaranteed to get caught on some random shit when you're just trying to get from point A to B. And guess what? You can't walk backwards and you have an enormous turning circle, so half the time you're just stuck or you glitch through whatever you're stuck on. Real immersive.

In my opinion horse is perfectly fine. You can turn it on the spot when you are stationary. Do that. 

&gt; Interacting with objects is more difficult than it's worth. The game never seems to know what you're trying to interact with, and you usually end up lighting and extinguishing a candle a few times before it figures it out.

Yeah, lighting things on fire was annoying. I went ahead and edited input.settings file and changed keybiding for it from E. Works like a charm. 

&gt;The interface needs some serious work. Nearly all of the text is way too tiny. Your item bag is an incoherent mess. The screen is cluttered with too much and poorly sized information (fortunately you can turn most of it off on PC). 

Matter of taste, I guess. Font size is ok for me, and I haven't found inventory problematic. Remember that you can use 'F"" to sort it.

&gt; Switching between locked on enemies in combat doesn't work consistently and leaves you at the mercy of whether it wants to change to the right enemy or not. And if it doesn't, you'll get hit from the guy right next to because Geralt is staring at the wrong enemy.

For me it is perfect. There is no better targetting system than the one that switched on the fly to the thing you look at. I found fighting with multiple enemies very satisfying and after a bit of practice I'm able to have the target i want chosen 19/20 times. I sure as hell wouldn't want anything more complicated than that introduced.



---------

To sum things up: No, the game isn't being spoiled for me by controls. But perhaps I'm low maintenance or something. "
"Movement controls aren't that bad, mostly annoying indoors so not a big deal

The interface on the other hand is abysmal. Slow, unorganized, and just clunky in general. 

Neither issue really hurts enjoyment though. Hands down best RPG in years. "
Turn by looking. If you try to turn by using the left stick then yes you make a big circle. If you turn by using the right stick to look where you turn then it works much better.
"If you're on KB+Mouse turn on Hardware cursor. Other than that, I've had no issues, it's a more responsive Witcher 2"
"I think it's a bit refreshing to have a character that can't do 900 degree pirouette while jumping.

I don't mind the ""tankiness"". Combat itself is very responsive, in my experience. I only ever miss dodges or rolls if my reactions are slow. I had issues with mouse, but turning ""hardware mouse"" on solved all of my issues."
"Terrible controls and interface and you just waive them off as no big deal? That's like saying it's ok for a laptop to have a crap keyboard and barely-working trackpad, yet still being the best."
"Looks great. Not as somber as Planescape, but still great. Pretty excited about it, but I hope it's not like POE because it had too many loading screens all the time."
"&gt; I don't get the horse...unless your going straight from A to B and don't care about anything inbetween but there lies another problem, there's fast travel points everywhere, and if your going from A to B it means you've already unlocked and looted the way so you'd have the fast travel point.

I don't stop constantly at every little thing and getting from point A to point B quickly is rather important to me. I also don't really like fast traveling in general. Be careful not to paint your preference onto everyone. Also I kinda like some of the clunkiness of the horse, you shouldn't be galloping everywhere only when it's safe to.

&gt; The last bit of hell they added for 3 is the inclusion of the Batman detective vision, because apparently there was a law written circa-2012 that all triple A's must include this in some way. You have to walk around in this constantly to find lootable boxes, clues, complete quests, ect. It makes me physically ill after awhile of watching the fishbowl effect they put on the screen. Why couldn't it just continue to work 2's way with the aoe dolphin ecolocation that Inquisition ripped off? This new way, huge step back.

You know, I had the same initial reaction, but after I thought about it for a while longer it started to make sense. They've made Geralt's ability as a tracker incredibly more important than in either of the previous games, both thematically and in actual gameplay. The opening cutscene shows Geralt tracking Yen, Yen refers to him as the best tracker she knows, and the story (for me so far) has been about finding people/things. This follows in the gameplay, as for perhaps close to the majority of quests I find myself following footsteps at some point which I could not see working very well with the echolocation. Since they've been able to open up the world into this expansive space they could bring in this very critical side of Geralt into the game, but they had to abandon their old methods of item finding. I agree that it's kind of clunky, but I'm pretty confident that's the answer as to why it changed.

As for your other points I agree with most of them but I'm not nearly as bothered by them."
"The graphics seem to look much flatter than Pillars, would have been nice if they shared the engine or something (minus the loading times). Regardless, I could still get engrossed in the original Torment, so as long as the rest of the game is up to par I'm sure this will be great too."
"&gt;  don't get the horse, it's literally the same exact problem I had with the one in Dragon Age Inquisition, it saves no time ever; you can quickly travel on it as well but your going to constantly have to get off of it to loot plants, bodies and boxes that it kills any time you would have saved unless your going straight from A to B and don't care about anything inbetween but there lies another problem, there's fast travel points everywhere, and if your going from A to B it means you've already unlocked and looted the way so you'd have the fast travel point. Just fast travel.

I thought the horses in DAI were useless myself. They were too slow, cut off all party banter, and you have to dismount every three seconds to harvest something. Witcher 3 doesn't have any of those problems. Roach at a canter is considerably faster than Geralt walking, and Roach at full gallop is hella fast. There's no party in TW3, thus no banter to worry about. And you don't need to step and harvest nearly as often in TW3 as you did in DAI. Also, relative to Skyrim, you don't need to buy a new horse every time you dismount in a fight because your horse ran off into the ether. Just hit X, Geralt whistles, Roach returns. "
"One thing that really sticks out about all these new cRPGs (Wasteland, Pillars, Torment) is the awful animation quality. The backdrops are gorgeous and the 3D models are good enough for the level of zoom they're going for, but man do those animations stick out like a sore thumb."
"I have hopes.

But, Wasteland 2 was a bit, unengrossing and substanceless imho, compared to Fallout 1 &amp; 2 on which it was based.

Planescape Torment is crazy good and enriched.  I hope inXile will up their game and do Torment justice with Numenoria.

I have hopes."
"Your memory is correct.

According to [this post on their tumblr](http://tormentrpg.tumblr.com/post/74867831962/updated-our-journal-28-what-have-i-got-in-my) Obsidian shared their dialogue tree technology with them.
~~It does not state anything about the engine though.~~

EDIT:
I misread that. In fact, it *does* mention use of technology for the engine. For example, the use of ""2D pre-rendered environments"", as was pointed out by /u/BrotherNone below."
"&gt; Part of the tolerance comes from the fact that EA, Activision, and Ubisoft don't talk about their games this candidly.

It's incredibly important that gamers react **positively** to this kind of article from CDProjekt. 

Even if it's not exactly what you wanted to hear, you need to reward them for speaking openly and honestly. Because if we criticise them here, and villify them for what they've said, then it only exacerbates the problem of developers never speaking publicly about their games in this way. "
"Eh, different genres. Wasteland 2 was a ""combat"" game. I loved it. I also love Fallout 1 and 2 for different reasons.   "
"Torment uses a lot of Pillars tech (we both use the Unity engine) and then builds on it. That update mentions the usage of a lot of technology, including ""2D pre-rendered environments"""
"The only thing I really want is the ability to sort the items in my inventory either alphabetically, or by weight, value, or most recent.  My alchemy bag is getting way to full to be able to find anything in it.  Otherwise, I think the other complaints are valid, but don't really deter my immersion as much.  Great game."
Maybe not completely ruining it but makes it a lot less enjoyable. They basically spent all this time crafting a world and then forgot about the thing a player will use most.... Input.  Like going to Le Mans with a tricycle 
"Looks pretty nice, I hope the combat is more... polished than Wasteland 2 when it comes out. Glad its using turn-based approach, wasn't a big fan of how Pillars handled its combat. But whatever, anything is better than P:T's combat system. But more importantly I hope the writing is better this time around.

Visuals look really sweet though, I love how alien it looks, really gives P:T vibe. Don't mind the wonky characters/animations, they seem to look better in the zoomed trailer on their website."
"Hey, weird question but aside from the name and general theme, is anyone from the original Torment actually working on this game? From what I understand a lot of the general theme, writing and direction of Planescape: Torment can be attributed to Chris Avellone, which actually works for Obsidian. Is he involved in this game as well?"
"I understand your point, but honestly the people buying these do not care in the slightest.  These games are created for a crowd that still plays Baldur's Gate, that has a DM guidebook on their bookcase, and generally thinks that ""modern"" RPGs have been ""streamlined"" into being pathetic representations of the genre.

Now there are choices - if you want a ""Streamlined"" game you can grab Dragon Age 3 or the Witcher, or if you want a ""classic"" game you can grab one of these new retro games. "
"Avellone is partly involved, yes. But since he is working at Obsidian and the game is an InXile game he'll just do a few characters and stories. Colin McComb is the lead designer on the new Torment, who also worked on Planescape Torment. There are a bunch of other writers involved too, though."
"Graphics snobs trying to fling shit indiscriminately again... CDPR tryed everything to inform the consumer of what the finished product looked like. The gave prerelease copies to people, they had the gaming press put out as much footage as possible of the finished product. They allowed the gaming press to release reviews well before the release. Hell you could've even gone on twitch a couple days prior to release and watched people stream.

If you as a gamer, preordered a game based on a 2 year old prior to release trailer and you are unhappy with the game, well honestly you deserve to be unhappy and have your money taken away, because you are a fool. 

As for me, I stopped preordering games based on graphics ever since the disaster that was destiny came out. I waited to hear and see how the story for the witcher 3 was, and put as much research as I could into the my purchase as I could. I was rewarded with a great game, although even with a lot of research you can still get games like DA:I, that was honestly a lack luster story for me even though a lot of people loved it. I couldn't get invested in it at all, and its still sitting unfinished on my shelf because of that.

CDPR put out a bad ass game in a sea of games that have been crap, over the last 3 years. I appreciate this as a consumer and really hope that it is emulated in the future. I especially hope that the division, arkham knight and no mans sky will be as fun to play as the witcher is. I hope the division takes notes from the witcher because I have such high hopes for that game."
"It's incredibly difficult to break in to the genre. The only 3 successful subscription-based MMOs are World of Warcraft, Final Fantasy XIV, and EVE Online, with the last still maintaining fairly niche status. Outside of that, it's difficult to maintain free-to-play titles thanks to the flood of competitors and the inherently unstable revenue model. Thus, you'll find that the majority of hyped MMOs will end up dead or dying soon after launch."
"Yeah, I'm'm with you.  

The bottom line for me is this: Time and time again, Nvidia attempts to lock everything down and get the industry using closed protocols they control, to give them an edge over their competition.  Rather than trying to produce a better product, they attempt to penalise anyone who uses their competitor's products.

Meanwhile, whenever Nvidia comes up with a new closed protocol, AMD counters very quickly with a free and open alternative.  For Nvidia's closed ""Hairworks"" there is a AMD's open ""TressFX""; for Nvidia's closed ""G-Sync"" there is a AMD's open ""Free-Sync""; Nvidia has CUDA, AMD has OpenCL...

By embracing universal standards, the pc games industry could all benefit; instead Nvidia chooses to go their own way, thus dividing the community.

I look at the situation and actually find Nvidia's actions disturbing; so I vote with my wallet. I haven't bought an Nvidia card in many years and I don't plan to until they change their business practices."
"Sure, but if graphics didn't matter at all they wouldn't have spent so much time and money making those incredibly gorgeous 2D backgrounds. Animation quality is just another facet of the graphical experience, and to me it's really incongruent with the rest of it when it's so poorly done.    
   
I'm sure it will be a great game regardless - Pillars of Eternity is still fantastic even with subpar animations, but I think things like these have to be pointed out so hopefully they take the hint and do it better next time."
"&gt; I don't get the horse, it's literally the same exact problem I had with the one in Dragon Age Inquisition, it saves no time ever; you can quickly travel on it as well but your going to constantly have to get off of it to loot plants, bodies and boxes that it kills any time you would have saved unless your going straight from A to B and don't care about anything inbetween but there lies another problem, there's fast travel points everywhere, and if your going from A to B it means you've already unlocked and looted the way so you'd have the fast travel point. Just fast travel. Yah, you can fight on it, sure... but there's really no reason too, with all the awkward turns and stuck animations and dealing with the horses fear and trying to line up the attacks which even as a vet of mount and blade I find to be really sketchy, you still need to get off the horse and loot everyone anyway, what did you save, what did you gain? Nothing.

the horse is in there specifically for people that don't want to fast travel all over the place. The nice thing is he can follow the paths with a push of a button so you can enjoy the scenery without the tedium of controlling him along every path.

&gt;But you can apply the oil again at any time with no penalty even mid swing in battle with the inventory time pause, and the bottle has unlimited uses.

you actually can't apply oils in battle.

&gt;I also wrote up a long post on the uselessness of the crossbow as a weapon[1] that again boggles my mind why it's there, and trying to manually aim that thing with this interface and controls whether mouse or controller is god awful.

The crossbow is mainly for knocking flying beasts out of the air, that's why you have to manually aim it. You can also quickfire it like any other throwable.

&gt;The last bit of hell they added for 3 is the inclusion of the Batman detective vision, because apparently there was a law written circa-2012 that all triple A's must include this in some way. You have to walk around in this constantly to find lootable boxes, clues, complete quests, ect. It makes me physically ill after awhile of watching the fishbowl effect they put on the screen. Why couldn't it just continue to work 2's way with the aoe dolphin ecolocation that Inquisition ripped off? This new way, huge step back.

Geralt is a witcher which basically means he's a monster tracker. It doesn't really make sense to have the amulet highlight objects because it's only supposed to respond to monsters. Geralt using his ""witcher vision"" makes much more sense in this context. My only complaint about this system is it isn't toggleable which I think would get rid of a lot of peoples' complaints.

There's a lot of things you complain about that are like that for a specific reason, they don't need to be fixed for the most part."
"The OP even mentioned it themselves regarding subscriptions

&gt; not to mention the disappointing subscription (which has now been dropped).

Why would anyone in their right mind want to spend around 5 years of development time, a huge budget, and probably committing to years of support/running costs to get into that bloodbath?
"
"WoW broke MMOs. It was a huuuge success over all the other MMOs that had been done.

And since it did so well, it was natural for companies to copy it, it was the winning formula after all.

Problem was though, that every ""wow killer"" was just a copy of WoW, had less content, worse balance, and a much much smaller playerbase.

None of the MMOs did anything to draw in new players, if you where interested in MMOs, you played WoW, because most other MMOs was just a copy of the playstyle that WoW had.

If you didn't like WoW, there was no MMO worth playing, outside of Eve, but Eve has a horrible reputation for new players.

I don't think it's hard to pull off a new MMO, you just need to be willing to spend an absure amount of cash on an unproven concept. No investor will ever do that.

The proven concept (WoW formula) is beaten to hell and almost every MMO to follow does worse than the previous games. That style of MMO will still exist, but it will not spawn another WoW sized success for many years."
"The novelty of massive online gaming wore off, and all that was left was a genre full of samey soulless grinds."
I'm waiting for a mod that fixes this issue. Once they release the modding tools all this shit should get fixed.
"I think it's the mentality of the player base. 

Hear me out.

&gt; Recently we've had The Elder Scrolls Online, the beta was unplayable which turned a lot of players off and a lot of features were cut from launch, not to mention the disappointing subscription (which has now been dropped).

I'm going to use TESO as an example. This mentality you have, this statement of your experience, says volumes: That *""if it doesn't begin good, it can never be good""* mentality people have towards MMORPG's. If that were not the case, MMORPG's would not be constantly compared to WoW at every single turn. People are not willing to give new MMO's a chance, and that's why they're failing.

TESO can be (and is) miles dfferent from World of Warcraft. Every detail has to be scrounged over, and if it isn't objectively better than its competition in every. single. way. it automatically falls into the ""Junk"" pit 

Yet, when Skyrim and Fallout 3/New Vegas are in the mix, games with different themes but extremely similar mechanics, no one bats an eye.

The statement you made also puts up with another fact; No one keeps up with changes to the game. 

Once an MMORPG hits launch date, people suddenly switch from ""This is a constantly changing MMORPG"" to ""This is the FINAL product?"" and drop the game for it's release value. In response, I constantly hear ""Why would I want to play buggy XXX MMORPG when WoW works just fine?"" which does nothing to solve the problems. It just keeps the player with the familiar.

**Which also brings up a good point, and the main point; Loyalty.**

You've spent HOURS upon HOURS, days, months, YEARS even in one MMO (WoW). Why would anyone want to abandon all of that ""Hard Work"" and community for a brand new one that is completely unfamiliar? Why would anyone want to just brush all of that aside as if it never happened, and move on to a new, completely empty, foundationless MMORPG? (Foundationless, as in no player foundation. No guilds, no guides, nothing.)

Simple answer: They don't. Or if they do, it's difficult and they'll create every excuse in the world so that they can to stay with their familiar MMO. How do I know? Because I did the exact same thing with RuneScape.  That game can take (or used to take) YEARS before you accomplished anything phenomenal. And once you've reached that level, after pouring your heart and soul into the game, it's really difficult to say, ""Well that was fun! On to the next one!"".
It took many, MANY questionable updates for me to finally turn my back on that game. Specifically P2W microtransactions (almost literally buying max levels through XP lamps). But that's just me.

So, when The Elder Scrolls Online was released, it was ripped to shreds. Totally and Utterly. It wasn't objectively better in every way, shape, or form than the well-established WoW, and therefore it was not even given a fighting chance by the player base. That's also the reason why people abandoned the development of TESO so early. You'll almost always hear ""I played the **beta** and it was bad."" ""Well I played release month and it was bad."".  People seldom come back to check on how these competitors do in the here and now, and if they do, they don't care. Why? Because World of Warcraft/Runescape/FinalFantasy works perfectly fine in the here and now. Why should anyone be expected to wait around for another one? Good updates never made headlines. But when Zenimax Online Studios announced they were going B2P, the reactions weren't ""hooray! I can now try the game for free!"" it, instead was a resounding

**""SEE? I told you that game would FAIL so bad that it would be FORCED to go F2P/B2P""**

It's an old mentality, and it's hurting the genre as a whole. The Elder Scrolls Online, as an example, has done nothing but listen to the player base and make patches and bug-fixes based on what they heard. All without making changes that violate the base game and slowly, but surely, the population has grown to be bigger than it has ever been (besides the initial Beta testing surge).

But you'll never hear that anywhere, because any MMORPG that isn't objectively better than WoW or any other well-established MMORPG, is bad. Right?

Every MMO has bugs. Unfortunately, people focus on the flaws of brand new MMORPG's (always in comparison to a 10 year old WoW, well founded and mostly bug-free) rather than the things that succeed."
"It's not just that Geralt feels a bit different to play, there is definitely an input lag in the game. For example, run, then jump and try to continue to run, you'll notice that Geralt will walk normally for a few seconds and then continue running, but there's no smooth animation transition to that, doesn't feel natural.

In any case, they could fix a lot of the problem with the inventory, if they categorized some of the stuff. If Chicken Meat and Wolf Liver have the same attributes, then they should be one thing, call it ""Meat"" or something and be done with it.

Otherwise the inventory continues to fill up with stuff and you'll lose track."
If this fixes the crashes where I hear sound still but have to close the game with task manager I'll be very happy.
"&gt; compared to Fallout 1 &amp; 2 on which it was based.

&gt; But I felt Wasteland was marketed as the spiritual successor to Fallout 1 &amp; 2

Fallout was the ""spiritual successor"" to the original Wasteland computer game, not the other way around:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wasteland_%28video_game%29
"
"Hopefully this fixes the freezing issue I'm having. I know a lot of people are having issues with the game freezing in the inventory screen, but I've had it happen in cutscenes and in the world as well."
"If this is happening on your inventory screen (like it was for me) change your framerate to unlimited.

Edit* Lots of replies with a few saying it didn't help, so two more suggestions to alleviate crashing

1)Exit Geforce experience if you have it open

2)Disable secondary monitor if it has a different refresh rate than your primary"
"I've tried that but no luck :\ I've also heard changing some other graphics settings will do the trick, but so far nothing has worked."
"""more responsive than witcher 2""..

that doesnt really say a whole lot, as that games controls like a huge oiltanker on fire. "
"Still, Skyrim had 20 years of RPG interface history to base their design on, but apparently a list with no icons, giant font, 200% row spacing, no sorting and 60% wasted screenspace was the greatest solution they could come up with."
"ISK is mostly pointless however, all of the real tools of power are prohibitively expensive and useless without skill points and real knowledge to back them up.

A $10-15 PLEX is currently worth roughly [880 million ISK](https://eve-central.com/home/quicklook.html?typeid=29668&amp;setorder=price&amp;setdir=1), while a capital ship such as the [Naglfar](https://eve-central.com/home/quicklook.html?typeid=19722&amp;setorder=price&amp;setdir=1) or [Phoenix](https://eve-central.com/home/quicklook.html?typeid=19726&amp;setorder=price&amp;setdir=1) will run somewhere in the range of 2.2 billion ISK. Supercapitals will run 20-30 billion ISK. Even if you do shell out the real money to buy one, a new character won't have the skills to fly it, and a new player won't have the knowledge to avoid dying in it. Even an experienced player may not have the support infrastructure available to their corp to safely make use of a supercap."
"to be fair, any animation is going to get old to players who are investing the kind of time these game ask for. The backdrops set the scenery and mood - which is much more critical for maintaining immersion.

So if one needs to choose where to invest more time/effort, it's an obvious choice."
"Yes, quite a bit of people actually. 

Avellone isn't full-time on the team, but he helps them as a consultant. 

Brian Fargo was a producer, obviously

Adam Heine and Colin McComb were designers on PS:T

Mark Morgan made the music.

They also have Monte Cook, who worked on original D&amp;D Planescape setting.

They also have George Ziets, lead designer of Mask of Betrayer, which is just about the closest any game got to matching PS:T. They've got Brian Mitsoda, lead designer of Vampire:Bloodlines. They've got Pat Rothfuss, who should be familiar to fantasy readers.

Basically, I'm not going to make predictions on how the game will turn out, but the team they've gathered has some of the best RPG writing talent gathered in one place."
"It's not months.

It's literally years.

The trailers and gameplay months before release pretty much always look the same as what you get.

EDIT: Indeed, unless you preorder games 2 years out, I don't think I've seen an example where someone showed different gameplay a few months out."
"From the post:

Dear Hellraid fans,

We would like to officially announce that our dark fantasy FPP game Hellraid will not be released this year as previously planned, and the development of the game has been put on hold.
In the recent months we conducted an internal analysis and came to the conclusion that Hellraid, in its current shape and form, is not meeting our own expectations for this project. Therefore, we decided the best course of action would be to send it back to the drawing board and invent our dark fantasy title anew.

In the meantime, we will consolidate our development resources and focus on further expansion of our Dying Light franchise.
We wish to thank all our fans for your support – you’re the best!"
Unfortunately many gamers (and those that may speak the loudest) are man-children and they will throw their tantrums. 
"Just realised I was remembering it as the UI with the SkyUI mod! My bad.

I deserve the downvotes haha :("
"Funny, everyone had issues with TW2 controls but me apparently and now TW3 is out and everyone is bitching about controls and menus and once again I have zero issues with it. "
"&gt; People seldom come back to check on how these competitors do in the here and now, and if they do, they don't care. Why? Because World of Warcraft/Runescape/FinalFantasy works perfectly fine in the here and now

Are you forgetting what a disaster Final Fantasy XIV was on launch? It was considered one of the worst games ever made. Square Enix pulled the biggest 180 in video game history and salvaged the shit out of that game with a relaunch, and now it's among the only successful subscription based MMOs out there. I can confirm, being a current subscriber, that it's a fantastic game and a genuine competitor to WoW.

Edit: I forgot to include my point, which is that I don't think players leave because the games aren't as good as WoW. I think players leave because they grind up to end-game, then see that there's nothing left to do, and go back to play WoW/FFXIV/Eve again, where there is tons of content available. Starting an MMO is a huge upward battle. You have to get a sustainable subscriber base of at least 400k players, and then you have to continuously release content that won't be cleared in a day. FFXIV, for example, releases new content, including raids, every 3 months that typically take the high-end playerbase a few weeks (sometimes a month or so) to clear, and then give them something to farm until the next content patch. The casual playerbase, on the other hand, may never even see that content before the next one comes out, so there's always something for them to do.

If companies can't keep up with that kind of patch schedule and marketing, they should not be trying to release a subscription-based MMO."
"&gt; Reading comprehension.

Sorry if I did not explain clearly:

Interplay marketed Fallout 1 as the spiritual successor of Wasteland 1.

inXile marketed Wasteland 2 as the direct successor of Wasteland 1 (Obviously - inXile had several of the original Wasteland 1 team).

To say that Wasteland 2 is the ""spiritual successor"" of Fallout 1 or 2 is clearly wrong. 
"
"I'm at work all day so I'd really like to hear from people if these offer significant improvements.  Specifically these points:

&gt; * Improves stability in gameplay and the UI.
&gt; * Improves performance especially in cutscenes and gameplay
&gt; * Improves Nvidia Hairworks performance
&gt; * Improves input responsiveness when using keyboard

"
"I really hope they address the tiny fonts at some point.  I'm playing on ps4, sitting on my couch about six feet away and I can barely ever read a damn thing I loot."
"&gt;Do you hold company heads to a higher moral standard or something?

No, but I hold them to a higher professional standard. When you're the face of a company, be it president, community manager, or even just a developer in the spotlight, part of your job is to make yourself and your company look good, which is something Smedley fails at here."
"Combat is definitely not my top priority for this game. I'll be pleasantly surprised if it's enjoyable, but I'm here for the story and dialog. The de-emphasized combat in P:T was actually kind of refreshing for the genre at the time, though I suppose some players would still want the option to do more fighting and they should have that ability, of course.

/edit: By 'refreshing' I mean that it was nice to be able to engage the world in meaningful ways other than combat. I sure as heck won't complain if the fight mechanics integrate well into the story and are more enjoyable than the original. But that's more of a 'want' and less of a 'need' - there are tons of RPGs that already do combat-centric gameplay and do it well. There are too few that are 100% okay with me role playing as a pacifist, a silver-tongued con artist, a charismatic leader with no fighting skills, etc. Many games make nods to these kinds of character builds, but almost all of them still force you into combat scenarios at some point, and usually with great frequency, in order to progress the main story lines (Elder Scrolls, Deus Ex: Human Revolution, Dragon Age, Fallout 3, Baldur's Gate, Final Fantasy, Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines, the list goes on...)."
"The first Witcher game had by far the worst combat of the series, 'Press left mouse button to attack' was almost all there was to it. 

I too hate when developers remove complexity and in the Dragon Age series it's all been for the worse, but in the Witcher series some things have gotten better."
"These are all nice, but on console the only game-breaking thing for me is the text size.  It's fucking unreadable in the menus and UI on an HDTV at a reasonable distance away.  Hope whatever is coming to XB1/PS4 addresses that."
"you comparing animations of these games with over-the-shoulder hack and slash sort of proves my point. Different game types means different aspects get the most polish. Hack and slash is the center of Dark Souls, if there was one thing dev could have spend time on, they would have chosen the hacking and slashing."
"I find it interesting that they're going along the lines of trademark infringement rather the defamation. 

As far as I'm aware, dramatisations of real life events are fair game as long as you don't say or show anything libelous; as Rockstar aren't claiming for that this presumably isn't an issue. 

Speculation time, maybe it's a money thing. Perhaps Rockstar think they should be paid for using likenesses but the Beeb are playing hardball as they don't necessarily have to? Or they just plain don;t like it and can't do much about it through libel channels.

Obligatory IANAL. Happy to be corrected if I'm wrong."
"can confirm nvidia hairworks performance boost. Can run it without dropping down to 45 fps. (Ultra settings, 1920x1080 60 fps, hairworks on geralt. i7 3770k, GTX 970 4GB)"
There should be a way to increase the size of the UI. It's in the options menu somewhere and didn't seem like something that would be a PC feature.
If this was there big announcement it looks like there isn't going to be a main series game this year 
"Damn, and I was looking forward to this more so than Dying Light.

Correct me if I'm wrong, but wasn't this game actually revealed before Dying Light was?"
"They announced yesterday a patch with 600elements and it would take a week to be released? This is not it, it is?"
That's perfectly fine. It's been a yearly series too long and their reasoning for it is shit.  They need to add some extra effort into the next one.
"Guild Wars, both the original campaigns and GW2, do not and never had a subscription. They operate on a Buy-to-Play model, where unlimited access is guaranteed till the servers shut down, along with a micro-transaction store that is almost entirely cosmetics and/or account-related unlocks (extra character slots for example)"
"I hope they can do something about NPCs popping inn when you're walking around in some areas. Like in the ""town"" of the Bloody Baron, people just suddenly appear right next to the player some times. "
"Supposedly that article was incorrect, the 600 fix patch was the day one patch https://twitter.com/Marcin360/status/601345976335491072"
"[**@Marcin360**](https://twitter.com/Marcin360/)

&gt; [2015-05-21 11:17 UTC](https://twitter.com/Marcin360/status/601345976335491072)

&gt; @teddyzetterlund The 600 fixes was the Day 1 patch. We are working on addressing the font size issue right now. Another patch coming soon.

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)
"
Yeah I was very disappointed with X/Y but if they could make a proper sequel like B2/W2 then I would be more than happy.
I'm willing to say they added a lot of extra effort into x/y and ruby/saphire remakes. It's like people legit think pokemon has had no changes since gen 1
"&gt;Compare the Witcher 1's talent tree to the Witcher 2's, and then to Witcher 3's. A very clear progression of dumbing down, which is especially evident in the alchemy and gameplay. Hell, Witcher 3 has tutorials for something as simple as picking up items and opening doors. 

The trees might not look like much, but by the end of W2 you had 3 completely different types of witcher, while in W1 you just emphasized a couple sides, but still was the same warrior. You can beat a dragon (endboss) in W2 without actually hitting her with your sword, just by using signs, if you had the talents and gear to back it - that was not an option in W1. Less is more in this case.

&gt;In Witcher 1 you needed potions and other enhancements just to survive, in Witcher 2 and 3 it's just another dumbed-down hack and slash-fest' 'Press left mouse button to attack'.

Have you even played W2&amp;3 on difficulties above normal? Dark Mode W2 tutorial would kill you 20 times per minute if you simply used ""press left mouse button to attack"". You can't survive the pack of guards before the catapult without using either dodging or Quen sign, they will simply kill you if all you do is spam LMB. That thing might only work with a single target that doesn't have defense mode (shield, hiding in carapace etc. Show me a video where a guy kills off the spectres in Melitele quest using simply LMB spam on Hard+ difficulty, please.

Meanwhile W1 swordplay consisted of ""click LMB when the cursor changes"" after you gulp potions - so much skill required! Yes, you needed potions, but they actually trivialized most fights, especially non-boss."
They only just changed Hair msaa from x8 to x4. You can set it to x2 and it doesnt even look different and you'll gain even more performance
"When you have something highlighted, and click reply, it automatically puts it as a quote, I assumed that is what happened here, unless you quoted that on purpose, in which case, I will say, you're an odd fellow."
"&gt; Wait until reviews and gameplay videos come in before laying down any money. 

Reviews? I've gotten to the point where you can tell *a mile off* if I'm gonna like a game or not. A review might point out nice nuances or flaws not immediately apparent but for the most part, we're bombared with so much media, previews, trailers etc that you can *know* exactly what you are buying to the very point of sale before actually purchasing. 

The whole 'don't pre-order' mantra doesn't apply to most gamers because most *don't care*. They see a game they like and they put their money down, downgrades or not, they'll buy it and be happy with it. Which is why so many of the top selling games are also known quantities."
"The default setting on PS4 is the largest UI size. The only other option is a smaller UI. I don't personally find it too bad, but a few point sizes larger wouldn't hurt. "
"I have to use my zoom function on my PS4 to read the item descriptions in my inventory, it solves the problem but it's very tedious."
"The battles are perfect, and should not be touched at all. Its the over world and plot that needs changing.

 But they wouldn't make a huge change mid-gen, which we've got confirmation through data mining that this generation still has one pair of games left."
"I haven't heard Jack Thompson's name in a long time. I thought after he was disbarred that might be the end of it, but here he is again."
"I honestly don't see any difference in terms of performance with a 980, maybe it's an optimization for other gpus"
"Both X/Y and OR/AS felt lazy to me, as if they can get away with making 3D models and call it a day. I know they made mega evolutions and other features, but the games just didn't feel as exciting. Just my opinion, though."
"&gt;The game playing community is so entitled right now it's almost impossible to be a part of it.

This isn't indicative of the gaming community as a whole. You'll see this mentality on sites like reddit where there is one opinion that is heavily favoured overall, but sales will usually tell a different story. Rarely are a game's sales affected too much by the goings-on of the reddit community."
"I wouldn't say that people ""don't care in the slightest."" I care, at least.  
I will grant you that combat animations are nowhere near the top of my priority list for these games, and I understand the trade-offs and constraints that led to them (one person doing *every* character animation in PoE IIRC?), but the fact remains that more fluid and natural animations would lead to a better experience."
Already better than Twitch TV who I believe still runs Flash. I don't think they have playback for livestreams either.
FFXI isn't closing down yet. And won't be next year. And will still operate on PC with a subscription model. 
"Wow. I really thought my graphics card was dying and I was alone with this issue. 

EDIT: I changed the framerate to unlimited (slider all the way to the left) and the game didn't crash yet. So far so good.

EDIT 2: No luck. I had 2 ""crash to black + playing audio"" errors."
"You don't have to get permission for dramatisations of real life events, which the movie is supposedly about. It looks like (though IANAL, so I'd be happy to be corrected) Rockstar simply doesn't like how they are being portrayed in the movie so they are making a fuss about it."
"Holy crap. It's really the small things... I was getting annoyed with a number of those and thought ""oh well, it's just small complaints... rest of the game's great..."" And then they go and fix those exact things."
"Yeah, we can't have news outlets reporting on things people/companies may not want revealed or discussed about themselves..."
All I know is that the BBC are generally quite competent when it comes to trademarks and the like. Can't see rockstar having much luck here.
"It's a first person co-op dark fantasy hack n slash, in case anyone was wondering.  Definitely not third person. "
"FFXI is not shutting down they are ending the story and ending services for console versions (March 2016).  The servers are not shutting down for PC.

Source: http://forum.square-enix.com/ffxi/threads/46414-Conference-Digest"
"Maybe a side note, but do we know of any way to alter Geralt's movement? currently im getting Assassins Creed levels of frustration sometimes in trying to get him to do what i want him to do.

His turning circle is that of a celestial body and accelerates faster that the speed of light. "
"Well, I used to play a ton of wvw in a wvw guild. I don't really see these changes being that big. In fact they don't really fix the underlying problem that led me to quit in the first place. There's no real incentive to keep towers and castles or to upgrade them. The changes for the abilities are whatever."
45fps average at 1440p with everything on ultra except for shadows and foilage draw distance which is set to high
Dark Souls has extremely tight controls though. IMO the control (or lack thereof) in Witcher is a bigger deal breaker than the interface.
Time to buy another Mystery Dungeon game and be disappointed because its not equal to Explorers of Time. Kinda joy 
"You know what's made me rage so fucking hard with this? Early on in the game you come across camps of deserters. Some of the deserters have bows. After the first camp, I decided to put a point into the talent that allows you to parry arrows. 


Turns out, just because you're getting shot at doesn't mean you go into combat. For some reason, the range that detects nearby enemies and flags for combat is shorter than the range that enemy archers can fire at you. So I'm standing there, trying to parry with my sword, and I enter Witcher Sense and end up getting chunked for than half my HP. If I want to start deflecting his arrows, I have to run to the nearest enemy unit and start combat.


I've also had instances (at least two on separate occasions that I can remember) with the lock-on function where Geralt turns his back to the enemy the camera is focused on. Normally, when reversing away from an enemy while in combat you will backpedal. In this situation, the game thinks the enemy is in the opposite direction. Trying to turn around results in my backpedaling into my opponent's face and I end up dead.


I've also had situations where Geralt has randomly put away his sword while in combat and will not draw it again on his own. When I encounter this, I press left or right to draw one of my swords, but nothing would happen. I inevitably tapped again, with the outcome being Geralt drawing and then immediately re-sheathing his sword.


More frustrating than any of the above, though, are looting and movement/turn radius sensitivity. For some reason, Geralt is completely unable to loot anything that is directly under his feet, and sometimes even within arm length. For some reason the loot indicator and responsiveness is just not there. This always ends up with me having to reposition in order to access my loot. In comes the movement and turn radius sensitivity issues. I find turning at only a few degrees to be nearly impossible. Seriously, it seems like Geralt can only move in 45 degree increments. Stepping forward, even with my analog stick bent only halfway, results in me taking off like a rocket and either over-shooting my target, or, more often than not, me standing directly on top of the item I want to loot, where for some unfathomable reason, Geralt cannot loot. This means I have to repeat the entire process until I get it right. Because of this, I've taken to looting herbs in a new way. I run at them and spam the gather button, so as soon as I'm in the very narrow radius where I can actually loot the item I'll have pressed the button before I miss it. Even then, sometimes I end up running through the bush completely, the loot indicator never actually making an appearance, and I'll have to take a second pass. These two combined issues are by far the thing that is detracting the most from my enjoyability of the game."
"&gt;Its the over world and plot that needs changing.

So many improvements to that in Black/White , which were just completely dropped in X and y. ): "
"A Few simple fixes that would make this game perfect for me.


* The inventory needs an additional Tab for Potions/Oils away from the food.
* When you read a book/Note it should be added to your knowledge base, and go away. I have a fucking library in my inventory, and do not know what to do with them.
* The ""repair all"" at the smithy needs to be changed ""repair all equipped""
* The Dismantle Item tab at the smithy needs to be separated into the same tabs as the inventory.
* In the crafting window, I should be able to compare my currently equipped (shift click) to the one I am crafting.
* The vendor needs a ""buy back"" option. So many times I have accidentally sold an item and if I wanted it back would have to pay 20x the price.
"
"I feel the same, and a lot of it was due to the end game being a let down. I didn't care much for the Delta episode and would have preferred something long lasting and challenging like the battlefrontier or the new game plus from BW2."
"Have you tried it with 1080p? I'd be interested to know the performance there as I don't have a 1440p monitor. 

**Edit:** The general consensus is 60fps ultra with hairworks."
"Worst in terms of graphics related to pc hardware sure. However more and more I think everyone is realizing that isnt important anymore. Graphics don't sell games like they used to.  Plus it's getting very very expensive to push the hardware avaliable.

 I think they correctly predicted that a less powerful machine that was easy to develop for and affordable was the way to go. If the ps4 was a high end pc equivalent that cost $600 and Sony was selling them at a loss, they'd be bankrupt by now.

The most popular games in the world are Minecraft and League of Legends. The money is not in making a game that will take 2 980's to run."
I haven't tried it myself but with those same settings at 1080p I would expect a solid 60. He also didn't mention hairworks which people are reporting to be anywhere from 15-20 fps difference.
"I'm going to fall into the hype trap now. 

Seriously though, I love the MD games. I just want them to remove some of the problems that the last one had (zoomed in camera, limited pokemon options in the beginning, no hunger) "
"I really wish BBC wasn't making this.  Especially with someone as big named as Daniel Radcliffe involved.  Jack Thompson went away for good, they likely paid him for the creation of this series, and he might start kicking up dust again because of it.  The last thing we need is that idiot in the news again."
"Seriously. I love all of the games to bits but Pokemon Black is far and way my favorite in the franchise. The big twist they put on the Elite Four towards the end was great, and the post game was absolutely killer. First you finish the entire mainline game and then you have another huge chunk of the map right there for you to explore.

I love that game so much. I just wish they had a proper Battle Frontier an it would be just about perfect to me."
"I could not recommend Mystery Dungeon Explorers of Sky enough. A great story, soundtrack with some fun (albeit grindy) gameplay. Infact I would recommend all the versions released on the DS (except Explorers of Darkness/Time, Sky is the same as these except larger).


DO NOT PICK UP MYSTERY DUNGEON GATES TO INFINITY. It had every fun element of the series stripped out and as it is the most recent version I'm scared the same will be for this new game."
"Set your task manager to ""always on top"" and you won't have to log out or restart your PC to kill the game"
"I dont recall it being like this in two, i feel like in an effort to speed up the combat/make it more lethal, its exacerbated the problem.

I dont recall problems with one, mainly because every time i played it i was fighting the UI/Map more than anything in the game."
"Yeah, I've noticed that too. I'm having flashbacks to resident evil of old. It's just so damned frustrating trying to point him at an object to interact with it. It seems they could simply change it to be based on what the camera points at instead of where Gerald happens to be facing. "
"Second this, the horse is just as annoying at times too; when riding towards a bridge, Roach will veer off to the left or right for some reason, totally missing the bridge."
"Nope nope nope.   These games terrify me when they're on a monitor.   There's no way I'm dealing with monsters jumping out at me in VR.

It looks like a fantastic idea otherwise.
"
"I'm not sure if you have checked the competitive scene but there is a lot you can do with 4 moves, while in game is braindead easy, being good against other players takes alot of work."
"I like them, but I feel like they are purposely leaving in mechanics that hurt the gameplay.

-Multi-hit moves can easily clean out an entire room of Pokemon.

-There are several points in the game where the game feels like ""Glass cannon vs Glass cannon"" and if you don't get the first hit in the enemy can one-shot you

-Most of the combat takes place in one-by-x hallways so your companion pokemon end up being nearly useless"
"Yes, but the comment thread is about games with a subscription model. Saying that GW has a 'unique one' implies that it is a 'unique subscription model', which is not true. A relatively unique *business* model, yes, but it is in no way a subscription-based model."
"You just pointed the reason to why I think Square managed to save FFXIV: they did a full relaunch. It goes back to the point the guy above you made.

&gt;Once an MMORPG hits launch date, people suddenly switch from ""This is a constantly changing MMORPG"" to ""This is the FINAL product?"" and drop the game for it's release value.

I completely agree with that. Most people don't get that MMOs are by definition a constantly evolving product, they think that if a game doesn't have enough content on release they are paying for a unfinished/incomplete product, but the thing is: MMOs, while alive, are *never* a complete or finished product.

Had A Realm Reborn been a update/expansion (changing as much as the relaunch did, just to be clear) instead of a ""new game"", a lot of people wouldn't give the game another chance. That's because they already have preconceived notions of what FF XIV is and a simple expansion/update, no matter how good it is, won't change the fact that it's still FFXIV, it's still the same game. By saying it's a full relaunch, Square convinced people that it's not the same game anymore, it's a new game and they should try the new game. 

People outside the MMO bubble find very hard to understand how MMOs change through time because they are used to patches and updates not changing the game as drastically as they do on MMOs. They see the game they are playing as how the game will be in the future, which makes sense for games like The Last of Us, BioShock Infinite and GTA V (not GTA Online), but makes no sense for games using the MMO development model.."
It added and improved a lot of the networking features didn't it?  Seemed to focus more on making that better than end game features.
"But if it's true for the OP, then is it really dramatic? Sometimes an issue can be bad enough to stop a play through. 


I don't own the game and I've never played any of them, so I can only take the veracity at face value. "
"I feel like theyve done this because of the combat, i feel fighting will be radically *easier* when Geralt is more responsive. "
"The game can be represented by a bunch of text for all I care, as long as the writing and rpg elements are good, I'll have a good time."
"Worry not, you're not alone in this. PS:T combat was widly lauded as absolute disaster. Its so bad that in most games it would be game breaker, but PS:T reached such quality in almost every other aspect, that no one really cared, at the end.

InExile are aware that this was a problem, judging by their communication on the forums, and they'll be trying to adjust it. Although obviously combat is the last focus in a game like this, so don't expect X-com combat quality. But hopefully it will be significant improvement over PS:T."
"My complaint is that offense grants significantly more gold, experience, and favor than defense while requiring less skill to successfully pull off."
"You may be able to hot key your way out

Press Ctrt+Shift+Esc to pull up task manager.  It'll be the focused window as long as you dont click.  
It'll highlight the last used program by default, so in this case the witcher.  
Press Alt+E to end the highlighted task, and then press enter to confirm.

This should close the last used program even if you cannot see it"
"I am setting my expectations for the game low so I am not disappointed (although gates to infinity already lowered them quite a lot), but i would honestly be happy if the game just reached a fraction of the perfection that Explorers of Time was. The story alone was just incredible."
"They do not have better animations than this.  Actually, this game appears to have significantly less crappy animations than Wasteland 2 and even PoE (though PoE was better than W2).

If you want to bitch about shitty animations, go play any of the Spiderweb Software CRPGs.  And I'd still tell you it doesn't really matter because those games are still great, too."
God forbid someone might want to actually  play a game for PvE and not get brutally murdered by other people. Elitist attitudes like this are  why MMOs with over 1 mil players could be counted on one hand in the past.
He takes on a different movement scheme during combat though where he walks and side steps. They could completely change his running around the map movement and it wouldn't affect combat at all.
"Did they fix that weird hitch that happens when you're on horseback? When trotting, every time Roach steps with his left leg there's like a microstutter. It's really distracting."
"I typically rely on the lock on feature, and it is a pain. Being able to just point the stick in the direction I want to attack like the Arkham series allows would make it much more refreshing. "
"Damn, didn't know about this until now. I came up with my own workaround a while ago. I'll make sure to do this, but just in case I still have problems, here's the method I created for anyone interested:

* Set task manager to sort processes by RAM or CPU usage in descending order
* When game crashes, press Ctrl+Shift+Esc to launch Task Manager (at this point, Task Manager should be the active window, but it may not be visible on screen)
* If Task Manager is not visible on screen and/or your cursor isn't working properly, press the down arrow on your keyboard once and then press your Delete key. What this does is it highlights the first process listed in Task Manager when you press the down arrow (which, if your processes are sorted by CPU/RAM usage in descending order, is probably the game because games tend to be demanding, so they'll be at the top of the list), and then the Delete key immediately ends that process. Because you can't see the Task Manager window, it's a shot in the dark, but it usually works on the first try. If not, you can repeat the process and it will eventually work, but you might unintentionally end some other demanding processes along the way. Regardless, this method is quicker and safer than restarting the PC all the time."
"I think a lot of the things people argue about with regards to MMOs don't matter.  It doesn't matter how hard it is to get to max level, it doesn't matter if there's even very much to do at max level.  It doesn't matter how easy or hard the content is.  It doesn't matter how casual or hardcore friendly the games are.  What matters, and what keeps people playing is, **inconvenience.**

That might sound a little obnoxious, but inconveniences make the world feel alive.  Current MMOs all feel squeaky clean, polished to a mirror shine, lubed up and ready to... well you get the idea.  I think fast travel, dual speccing, flying mounts, easy teleportation for groups (I don't necessarily have a problem with group finders, I think they could keep them, but force you to walk to the dungeon) have removed the immersion from MMOs which is inadvertently causing people to become disinterested.  That's not true for everybody, but millions of people used to log into WoW every night to stand around in Ironforge doing basically nothing but dueling and talking to friends because there was something *out there* they hadn't seen or done yet that couldn't necessarily be attained just by teleporting to a place and killing a mob.  I don't think vanilla wow was a great example of balance in accessibility of content for sure, but there's something to be said for that fact regardless.

I wouldn't ever dare to say I can offer solutions to this problem, but I think the MMO genre got away from what made it great in the first place.  There needs to be a large unexplored mysterious frontier that requires cooperation with other players to push through.  I think that through focus testing and years of iteration, the hard edges of the MMO have been smoothed down to a point where they now lack any sort of pushback from the elements.  

The next big MMO that keeps people playing and gets people excited won't necessarily be the most casual or hardcore MMO (again, I think these distinctions are irrelevant), but it won't have fast travel.  Zones won't feel like small enclosed rooms with trees in them. Every step you take will make you really feel like you're part of something bigger than yourself.  Current MMOs have really forgotten how to do that."
