For real though...there is version of Erik that raped his best friend.
TYFU by moving a bookshelf with a cross burned into it from in front of a scary ass closet door. 
Try being friendly? Just let it know where you going and let it know you'll be back soon. It seems lonely :(
Did your mother sell you to your Dad for the weekend?
Just another day in the hood.
"""Woke up the next morning, clones done stole my bike""
-50 Cent (of universe 344)"
"I've read a ton of nosleep &amp; creepypasta and this is by far some of the best writing I've had the pleasure to enjoy.  I urge you to write a novel - stories are great and certainly you can continue to write of the ongoing adventure but if this was fleshed out with some of what you could not elaborate on in this and explain the start in more detail, I could absolutely see this being a novel that would sell.  One woman's opinion."
When I clicked the title I thought the story was going to be about this guy that wakes up one day and his dog won't stop barking at him 
"/r/Truenosleep

"
Now THAT'S protection. Who needs condoms when you can have screaming old ladies?
Every father endorses the cock black hag
"The Spirit World: Taking Abstinence-Only To New Heights.

"
Did my Catholic father post this?
Are you sure it's Mona?
How unpleasant.
What's in the emergency bag?
Wait...you left your dogs BEHIND!?
"Yeah, I'm not sure what I was expecting, but that wasn't quite it."
"10 64gb flashdrives, lotion, and $30 in nickles."
"Do you think he decided to murder Dan's niece because he saw your cameras or that he was going to do it anyway? Also, you are creepy. Very, very creepy."
"You told a boogeyman to enter your home. Nice going.

(This is why I don't like it when pets are named after entities. Please stop naming cats Beezlebub and Lucifer)"
"If you know about them, they know about you.

RIP Everyone here"
You sneaky little... I mean hahahaha you seem like a really nice girl please don't stab me
[deleted]
I suspect that the Oddkids had a substance or something similar that attracts bugs to them. The bugs are probably there for physical movement. I'm actually surprised your house isn't infested. If bugs are so eager to be close to you as you described your house should be swarming with creepy crawlies.
Stop. Hammertime.
"WOW!!! this is so good, I dare say that it has a Steven King feel to it. I was on the edge of my chair the whole time I was reading. Bravo OP, Bravo."
Bridge to Terabithea as written by a madman.  Well done.
"&gt;The odds were stacked against us in every conceivable way.

I laughed quietly to myself. Great story OP. "
"Doesn't matter, had sex."
I don't think I've ever sat on the shitter this long in my life! What an intense story!  
"Go back there as your adult self. Take a flame-thrower or two. Take some friends, who are good at killing bugs. Bug-exterminators. Tell them you know of a mighty infestation that needs super-fixed. Light that place up, and level the forest around it. "
"Oh brother, you're somethin'
You put me in a spin
You aren't comprehending
The position that you're in

It's hopeless, you're finished
You haven't got a prayer
Cause I'm Mr. Oogie Boogie
And you ain't goin' nowhere!"
Sounds like postpartum psychosis ):
"""Hello, 911, how may I help you?""
""Hello, there are loads of bugs murdering people in the woods I used to visit as a teenager living in a cave and taking  the bodies of those they kill""
I think I understand why he didn't do that"
"Do some mothers actually think this way about their own child?

Great story by the way"
"Yes, postpartum psychosis can be terrifying. I've never had anyone in my life experience it, but I watched a documentary years ago in parenting class. It was horrible."
"Yeah. Postpartum psychosis is horrifying. Regular postpartum depression is also awful. You just aren't in your right mind, and you don't even realize it. In my case, I spent literally hours every day researching SIDS on PubMed out of sheer terror that my baby was going to die. I thought I was being totally reasonable. I also went through the very common desire to give her back to the hospital. I ended up pulling out of it after a few weeks, and my baby is the love of my life, but it was scary. 

Postpartum mood disturbances are very treatable, though. It is just important to catch them as soon as possible. If a new mother you love seems ""off"", please get her to seek help. "
"""He felt like a butterfly"" chilled me to the bone. I can't explain why... The dream didn't, but those words did. I imagine his tiny heart beating rapidly like a flimsy pair of paper wings.... "
"Can't wait to know what happens next, but I must add I feel very sorry for spooky, when you said be hasn't been in the house in weeks, how can you have a dog and not let him in the house, sounds like boogie is your favourite, you should have taken spooky too what if something happens to him. I'm more worried about him than anything, poor pooch."
This is why I'm happy all of my relatives were cremated holy shit.
"Well, look out for floating piles of ash, I guess."
"FYI, the symbol ""&amp;"" is called an ampersand. "
"That is disturbing, Kate. I wonder what the science behind it is"
"Actually I'm pretty sure its called an ""and thingy"""
I will die of asthma attack then rather than heart attack.
"If you're going to get a record player, at least get a good one. Crosley record players suck man. "
It was a regular record it just sounded like shit since it was played on a crosley 
"Turns out, it was The Doors the whole time"
You are so vain. 
"If you play the record backwards, it will tell you that it loves you and wants to save your life... Or maybe it would be the Beatles' White Album in reverse. "
He definitely thinks the album's about him... better check with Carly Simon..
"It's definitely not top quality, but it gets the job done! I'll start saving up for a new one when I get to my new apartment, cause there's no way in Hell I'm staying in this one."
"talkin shit?

"
There is nothing wrong with your wife. The lithium is for you. You are displacing. Call the doctor listed on the pill bottle. I'm not kidding.
I have a theory that these things came after you for microwaving leftover pizza. You eat that shit cold an enjoy it! :)
"There's really only one path open to you, killing her brother bought you breathing space, get your hands on a gun or a knife, the next time they are all passed out in the morning slit their throats like the animals they are, starting with your dad. There's no redemption only a path of atonement."
"Please update! Be careful on going back to the firepit, whatever it is might play more mind tricks on you and your friends. Whatever you find, seek immediate help from authorities, I guess. Goodluck to you, OP! "
I feel as though the authorities will be no help at all. We are going back. I'll be sure to update thank you for the input. 
"You need to unload your Glock and count the remaining bullets. If you're like me you buy more expensive defense rounds when carrying. Put all the bullets back in that box and see if there are any missing. If they are all accounted for consider seeing a psychiatrist as delerium is your problem, if there are 2 bullets missing, go see a priest and cleanse your damn tormented soul. "
"The first thing I did when I got to Matty's was check my Mag. There were two bullets missing. I haven't been home yet, when I do I will absolutely check my box of ammo. It'll be easy because I went to the range the other day and have yet to buy more 9's. "
"Be sure to pack heat and come up with a question that you can ask Matty to make sure he's actually him and not the doppelganger in the forest. You know, the ""something only the both of us know"" kinda shit like in the movies."
"You know, out of all the conversation we have been having, all the steps we have been making sure to cover, that idea hasn't come up once. Thank you so much. Such a necessary thing. "
"I bet Madeleine gave him indigestion, bitch."
Couldn't OP technically still have shot at nothing during a psychotic breakdown?
Do you normally close one eye when aiming at something 6 feet or less away from you? I was trained to aim and shoot with both eyes open...
"A monster created by cruelty conquered by kindness.

Even if you eat flesh, I doubt you will fall to its level. NEVER lose the light in your heart, The Gristle may not be the only monster you remind of its humanity."
"Your friend is suffering from some sort of psychosis, or really severe OCD. Or maybe both.

It's great that you were friends with her for so long, but her problem is not one that you can fix. 

She needs psychiatric help."
Absolutely amazing series OP. One of the best on this sub by far.
The town lady killer indeed... 
But did they like the bunk beds 
"If only that asshole burglar hadn't tried to break in. Or she would have stayed behind and not followed you to confront him. The guy seeing her just screwed it all up. I'm sorry, OP. Maybe since crime was involved Death will give her another chance? Seems like he likes her, so you never know!"
"This is just plain heart-wrenching. If anyone was in need of a good cry, they aren't anymore."
"The *fuck* man?!?! I came for the 4:20 tag, stayed for the mindfuckery. 

I'm so fucking con*fused,* just...shit. 

Buy a gun. Lots of them. Big ones, concealable ones, shit, invest in a good solid baseball bat. 

Fuck. Be careful, OP. Dude is off his fuckin rocker. 

^alsoiapologizeformybadlanguage:S"
She knew no one else could see her and when someone broke in she thought it was a good idea to follow you to check it out? She blew it. 
Maybe he should have branched out to some new people e.o
"&gt; Of course I jumped to my feet, Jessica following close behind as I rushed down the stairs.

A few lines later...

&gt; ""The thing is, though, I couldn't let anyone but you see me or have any contact with me.""

If she knew no one was supposed to see her, why did she follow you when you went to go find someone in your house?  "
And the fact she didn't warn OP in the first place so he could take extra precautions.
In the fear she probably forgot momentarily...
Or it was a dubious plot to trick her into making him die sooner :-( 
How was there always food in the pantry if she couldn't go out shopping?  
My best guess is that death was helping out behind the scenes to get OP back on track to his normal life-span. 
"&gt; How was there always food in the pantry if she couldn't go out 
&gt; shopping? 

He had a breakdown. The food (like the cooking and her actions) was never real. He was probably starving. In fact, the 'robber' was probably a policeman or friend or family member or something. He brought Jessica's corpse down with him, which is what scared the other guy. His reaction was what spurred him to see the corpse right in front of himself while still imagining the conversations and actions she'd taken. 



Edit: in addition, I don't believe that he spent all of that time apart from her. I think he hallucinated or dreamed that as well. Notice how he emphasized the time at the beginning - who is he trying to convince? Himself or the audience? Notice that no life changes took place in that time period (moving, new relationships, etc). What this story is really about is his absolute and utter mental breakdown and inability to cope with loss. Hell, he may have been the one who killed her. Notice he said he has ""a drunk driver to thank for that."" Perhaps he was the drunk driver and couldn't deal with what he had done. The timeline for this story was much shorter than he described/perceived. "
Death is quite the gentleman
"As hard as it is, try not to be too afraid. These things eat off of your fear. Work together. 

Talk to others and build your team and support system.  Hit a up a church, library, research. Get ready because whatever it is, its not done with you yet. 

Do not let it have power or invite it. Ever. 

Be safe. "
Also don't die. 
Best advice so far. 
Hopefully that hospital is heavily fined and shut down. Makes me wonder...just how many people are being held in psych wards on someone else's say so? 
Its just glyphosate . its basically a concentrated weed killer people put it on tree stumps so that it kills the roots . which means that someone was at your firepit to do it.
damn demons using reddit
You would be surprised just how many were there voluntarily. They knew they were sick and did the best they could to get help. They outnumbered those that were there involuntarily. 
"'“And pretty cheap, too. Only $40 for an 8th.”, he said with a smug grin.'

I live in BC and this terrified me. Scariest thing on this whole forum.
"
Holy shit.
"I'm so sorry for this. At least take solace in knowing you'll be together in a definite amount of time. If burying yourself and Andrew seems like too much of a challenge, might I suggest trying the nearest large body of water? If you're near a coast you could be swept out to sea together. It's not much help, but I suppose it's something. "
Leave the book at work or somewhere because she/it might go through your stuff.
"OP, that's not your wife. I hate to think what might have become of her but that woman is definitely not your lovely wife."
Clicked on this thinking I was in /r/relationships... 
"Did you check her wrist?


DID YOU CHECK HER WRIST?????!"
"The sisters can change their appearance though. 


Op, ask her something only the real Natalie can know! 


And don't you fucking trust her!!! Be careful an keep us updated."
"Yeah, I wonder if the ""sister"" living with him now burnt the house down to dispose of his real wife...."
"One niggle; the thought experiment isn't just locking someone in a box and going away. There needs to be a 50/50 odds of *something* happening inside the box, without outside aid or observation, for the superposition to work out.

Otherwise, fuck that guy. "
Basically you're just a murderer with fancy words &gt;(
"I feel like Plato's Cave should be next in the next episode of Misunderstood Experiments Taken Way Too Far. Chain someone in a dark room from birth to look at shadows on a wall for their entire life. Then, when they turn 30, let them go on a hot, sunny, summer day. Stand in the background and yell ""You can't handle the truth!"""
Then we agreed to split rent.
So you can see me reaching under my bed? Yes that is a .45!!  Stupid creepy person
I think you've confused Amontillado's Cask with Schroedinger's Cat.
The duct tape solution is hilarious. Duct tape fIxes everything. 
"Hey man, I uh.. think you need to love your mom a little bit less "
"Well, thats enough internet for me today."
This is the single undisputed champion of dead baby jokes. Terrible and wonderful at the same time. Unless it's not a joke...
I wish more nosleep was like this. Simple and chilling. 
"Search for a story called autopilot in this sub.   Kinda similar u might like it
"
"I read skinned and thought, ""Hmm must be a typo, he couldn't have meant... Ohhh nope, not a typo"""
You know what else has a reflection and exists? A sheet. Clothes. Things other than your girlfriend's skin. 
Clean.
And wrinkle free. 
OP get rekt
"Sorry to break the news to you, but you are definitely carrying the spawn of Satan. 

Sexy Satan."
http://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/19fmjf/autopilot/
Happy Mother's Day!
"Finally a good piece of nosleep to satisfy my jaded imagination, I'm quite tired of 7-part series and cookie cutter ""and the police found pictures of me in his trunk"" pieces without the stomach-drop at the end. Bravo."
I will pay large sums of money for your smidgen of lip balm.
"If I remember correctly, Satan actually has an inviting and warm personality. It's how he deceives people. "
"Oh my God. I was just about to leave but something told me to check nosleep before I did. 
Another haunting, yet awesome story from you. Fantastic!
I also wasn't sure of this would also be related to your other stories, but then I read the part about the Crushing Fist action figures."
This was intense and the description of the dark made it seem like I was there. Great work.
I'm so confused.
"You have a lot of very enjoyable background reading to do.  You'll still be confused, but slightly less so.  Totally worth it.  All his stories are interconnected, and (in my opinion) definitely among the top tier this sub has ever had."
"This is the order I've been recommending... http://forest.wolfnexus.net/wiki/index.php/Multiverse_unofficial_reading_guide

Makes sense to me, but each to their own. Its just as easy to start with The Portal in The Forest and then branch out from there, almost all the stories are interconnected somehow, but don't outright depend on each other to make sense."
Normal Porn for Normal People
My first instinct would have been to download the videos immediately. Hopefully you find more.
[deleted]
"Holy shit. I came here from the front page of reddit and saw this subreddit which I assumed was a creepypasta type subreddit. Now I will join you people, with no sleep. This is absolutely terrifying. This is more than a subreddit."
"Just as a side note. I've never heard of nosleep. This seriously concerned me, it was just something that popped up on my ""hot"" feed that I clicked on. But wow. I did some digging to understand, but I was seriously wondering if I was in danger from even reading this. "
Didn't you see? OP is dead by now.  
Am I the only person who reads these that scrolls quickly through the story first looking for links to pics/videos before reading anything?  Is it just me?
"OP - 1, xkatieebby - 0"
Look at stories from a year+ ago. Before it was a default sub. That was when we were at our best!
Yeah it has been for a while now actually. It's good and bad. Good for exposure. But bad because now you really have to weed through shit stories to find a decent one. It used to be they were all decent and some were amazing.
Agreed. The glory days. 
"Haha, totally. I read your comment before reading anything above. "
"Oh yeah OP. Sorry about the murder stuff but if you're still looking for a dashcam, the G1WC is a pretty good option for USD $60."
You shouldn't have done that.
Time to start poisoning your neighbors!
The pie! The drugs were in the pie! Goddamn pie... great story! 
"Just a question, what do we get from PMing you dick pictures? "
Hopefully a decent dashcam
Why would she want him back? How can you ever possibly blame a pregnant woman for the loss of her child? It takes a special kind of asshole to do that. I think OP is better off without him. 
Bob and Linda? Sounds like you met the Belchers.
"Free cookies, sandwiches, lemonade? I would have been dead for sure."
I would love to see an episode of Bob's Burgers like this 
I am thinking maybe the doll family lures in real kids to keep as their own... or to use their corpses for the same
"Seconded. I got a feeling sort of like the kids were encased inside of a ""perfect child"" shell, and OP and her brother were to replace the ones that were wearing out."
"Honestly i would've eaten all that fucking food. You got me fucked up. Free food? Fuck a ghost family, they can envelope my nutsack. "
IMO: Pete sends the packages.
"An alien ship landed there, that's why the plants were crisped. The ""parents"" were aliens. The house was a projection based on old TV shows because that was what the aliens had for reference. They were luring in children for DNA theft and cloning a servant race."
Tina finally snapped.
&gt;envelope DEEZ NUTS
They would've had my dumb ass. I would have eaten the shit outta those free mandogs and woke up in a fuckin twilight zone dungeon for all I care.
Julia Roberts career really took a turn for the worse if she's looking for self approval on Tinder
"Now that's a problem. Salt circle, boy."
"Keep that front door locked, OP.

Try to make your way down to the kitchen, grab salt, and line your windows and bedroom door with it. If you can, line the inside of the front door with salt too then take shelter in your room until daylight. The fact that it's ringing the bell most likely means it can't enter without you letting it in.

Update us!"
"I matched with a 5'6"" Julia too. I am going to unmatch her immediately. 

Thanks for the heads up, OP"
"OP is either dead, or having ungodly amounts of sex right now"
Why are monsters afraid of salt? Would sugar work? Is iodized salt better? 
"Get with the program, hottie waiting at your front door? What's wrong with you man?!

Sure, there may be a few quirks, but remember the hot / crazy matrix? At the very end of the HOT scale, crazy reaches new highs.

Sure she may be accompanied by howling coyote sound effects and sulphur, just think of it as one of those little foibles you'll grow to love in time. I'm sure she's a demon in bed :)

I'm not sure I could deal with the spelling though.... That might be a dealbreaker...."
Register a complaint on Tinder against the profile. Just saying.
"&gt; ungodly

Good choice of word."
Salt Hula Hoop.
Nice try demon.
"Salt is a folkloric repellent of evil and yes, it's associated with purity and preservation. Before refrigerators, salt was used to preserve all kinds of food."
"""2/10, too clingy"""
Winchesters on the way.
"Wow, this story was a real shocker!"
Foursome?
I didn't know Stanley Milgram was into the video games!
All I've got is Himalayan rock salt...been grating this shit for hours 
"Since she wants to be whole, I'm assuming she wants to eat you. I would dampen my entire body and cover myself with salt so you have a human salt crust, then throw salt all over the doors, make a big enough circle to be comfortable in with the salt and start eating it grain by grain so you're also salty within. "
I WASNT READY FOR THAT OH MY GOD 
"Yeah, if you could just go ahead and give us an update....that'd be great"
"""3/10 with rice"""
"This made me question my own morality so hard just now. I love when stories actually affect me. I just wonder what i would do....
"
"The real test of morality would come if this sort of experiment involved a loved one. It's much easier for us to place others at harm without knowing anything about them. 

Excellent story with a real philosophical theme to it. Thank you for writing this. "
"&gt;it was bread daylight

Is this a subconscious message that maybe this thing is some sort of bread monster? Perhaps you ate bad bread that had ergot mold or something and now you are tripping and imagining this all? 

Or maybe there was a spell cast on the bread by a voodoo worker or something... 

Idk it just seems like it would be hard to have that as a typo. I think you might have done it on purpose OP, whether you know it or not. "
"Ahhhh yes, the notorious sour dough goblins perhaps? Maybe the Rye Demons? Who can be sure. 

As I stated earlier that typo is hilarious and I refuse to fix it. "
Or just play a game of League of Legends. That'll get you salty enough.
"I do NOT have sex with my brother In the room. Come on, man. "
"Did anyone else think this story was leading into a recollection of a traumatic sexual abuse experience?
I can't be the only one that messed up in the head. I mean come on... The guy's name was ""Stanley"" that's a predators name.    "
"Yeah, I figured stanley was gonna be balls deep at any second. So when it turned out all he had to do was shock another kid to death I was like ""At least you ain't spinnin' on stanley's man-cock."""
"&gt; stanley's man-cock.

Good thing he wasn't spinning on stanley's lady-cock"
Look up Stanley Milgram and you will understand why that was his name.
I really like the protagonist in this story. Idk why but he feels likes he's got more personality than the other ones.
Ok...SCP needs to be way more careful with transporting their shit..
This is supposed to be scary...not make me bawl my eyes out. Ice king sounds like he had anything but an ice heart. Good job OP. Well written. Now I'm going to go find myself some comfort food and continue to cry my eyes out in a corner somewhere.
"Be wary of Mark, OP....."
But how could he mutilate Bear while being with her all the time?
There's a reasonable explanation for all this: OP must have sullied the honor of a ninja during a druken bender and now they are seeking revenge
I certainly wouldn't have destroyed the phone.  I'm not one for destroying important evidence.  
My screen froze as I read the last line and I nearly had a panic attack.
I just shit myself. Sounds like he's either possessed by the grandma or he's been alone for so long that he thinks he is the grandma.
But they don't fucking twist their heads all around and don't come into your room when your sleeping and do that!
"show her your penis maybe she will click next
"
maybe he also developed a passion for contortion
[deleted]
Unless you're OP...
"Creepy girls in white,
wandering in the night,
keeping me filled with fright.

Switched shifts to days,
only to escape her gaze,
while shaking off the craze.

Only for trouble to appear,
keeping me here,
to hear her voice in fear."
"OP, have you done a criminal record check on your old night shift colleague that didn't show up the first night you saw her?

I fear that this ghost may be someone he killed that night, and the ghost appeared to you since she knew that is where he was supposed to be that night.

Additionally, the next time you saw her, she didn't want you to acknowledge her around him. 

Perhaps she thinks you are lucky because he hasn't hurt you yet?"
This children is why when you do a hallucinogen for the first time.. You always have a sober person that you trust to keep an eye on you. BE SAFE.. and remeber HAVE FUN!;)
"People seem to think it's Mark, but so far I trust him. He was right there in the room when the creep called. I don't believe he would have an accomplice.. It doesn't make much sense, if you're stalking someone, to have an accomplice."
"""I bet taco bell doesn't have to put up with this shit"""
"I would just like to say, thank you so much! The nosleep community has been fantastic! Especially the readers, thank you! It has been a privilege to write for you guys and I hope to give you guys more sleepless nights :P


I could never have imagined winning this contest, considering this was my first post ever on reddit!!


And I apologize for the delay in the updates, but Part 5 should be out by the end of this weekend. Again, thanks so much for your continued support!! "
I still think its dishonored ninjas
She hot?
"Hello, I am an Arab muslim, and I can say with utmost certainty that you're only partly correct. Yes, Jinn are basically ""people"", but no, they are not in another world, they are with us, everywhere, at any given moment, they just refrain from interaction.

But Jinn also translates quite literally into 'demons' because that's what they are, demons, it's just that they are more tame in this part of the world. According to the Quran, Jinn used to serve Allah alongside Angels, all that changed when Adam was created to Rule (read 'inherit') the earth as Allah created it for the angels but they did not want it, but Iblis (name of the devil) wanted it, alongside a lot of the Jinn, to quote from the Quran ((And [mention] when We said to the angels, ""Prostrate before Adam""; so they prostrated, except for Iblees. He refused and was arrogant and became of the disbelievers.)) 2:34, Al-Baqarah.

That was why they became bad as they were more loyal to one of their own (Iblis) rather than their creator. But what made them tame? Well they can think, and have opinions, so not all of them were loyal to the devil, but they were all banished to earth alongside him.

But part of their curse was that they were not allowed to interact with life on earth (especially humans), but to this day they partly interact with animals all over the world, either by frightening them or soothing them, just not physically interacting. Allah also forbid them from showing themselves to humans, for there would be a huge punishment for doing so.

On a side note because I see this as interesting. There was a human that could see Jinn, he was a prophet called سليمان (solomon, known as Jedidiah in the Bible), he existed long before Jesus or Mohammed, like other prophets, he was given a gift, his being was vision of and ability to speak to all creatures, he had an army comprised of Humans, Jinn, Animals, and other creatures.

Through either living alongside humans, solomon, and being around the rise of Islam. According to the Quran, lots of Jinn became Muslims, and therefore, more tame (see the sorah: Al-Jinn). That's why they seem to be more tame around the middle east, because they are people, with consciousness, and rational thinking, while in other parts of the world, they might be going wild just to spite us, but take this with a grain of salt, most of what I know about Jinn comes from the Quran."
"Holy shit. As someone who also suffers from generalized anxiety, depression, and OCD, this ending has me shaken to the core. Agh. "
You and your brain might want to talk some things out
Such amazing writing from such an awful username. I love Reddit. 
"&gt; As someone who also suffers from generalized anxiety, depression, and OCD

I ugh... I am really curious as to how your average day goes."
"&gt; I got mad at my roommate'a stupid cat and threw it off the roof

   WHY'D YOU DO THAT?!"
Typical high school lesbians.
"Well first I wake up and take my moodecine. I can't put on my glasses until after I've taken it. That's not OCD, it's just that the inability to see reminds me that I haven't taken it yet.   
I check email. I check my email about 35 times each day, in case someone is trying to get ahold of me and I offend them by taking too long to respond. This is partly my fault because I mostly insist on communicating via writing. Don't call me. I probably won't pick up. I'm afraid that if I can't understand someone over the phone I'll have to keep going ""what? what? what?"" and they will be annoyed with me. When people try to talk to me while I'm on the phone with someone else I get overwhelmed to an almost violent degree because they are making me not understand.           
When I wake up I have a general 'day plan' of what I want to accomplish. I need 24+ hours notice if I'm going to be invited to a social function. Otherwise it interferes with my day plan and that makes me really really uncomfortable.     
Anxiety is pretty general and I have ways of working around it. I tend to skin-pick so I have bandaids *everywhere* so I can wrap up a hangnail at a moment's notice. I also have tweezers everywhere because otherwise I'll pick errant hairs, too. My hands cannot be sticky, because then everything they touch is sticky, and soon everything will be sticky, and I will have no way to clean everything. So I have a lot of hand sanitizer and wet wipes and napkins, too. I pretty much bring a bubble of personal care products with me everywhere I go.      
Before I leave the house I need a roster of everywhere I am going and what I am going to do there. I get everything I need and put it in the car. If I'm going to have to interact with a person, I rehearse what I am going to say. I do research so that I know roughly what I'm looking for and what it will cost. Otherwise I feel like I offend shop clerks by going into their store and then rejecting their products as being too expensive. When I get to the register I have everything I need in-hand so I don't waste people's time. I rarely pay with cash, never count out exact change, and I never, ever, ever, pay by check. I must never be irritating.     

Anxiety is predictable and constant. Depression can strike at any time, like a sudden hail storm. When it happens, it's happening and there's nothing to be done. Batten down the hatches and hope it passes soon. Nothing's getting done until that happens. When it hits, you think of whatever you were going to do next and it suddenly seems boring and not worth doing. You try to think of something you'd rather do, but you can't. Every possible activity seems as appealing as cleaning the litter box. This can last anywhere from fifteen minutes to.... well, months. "
I think you should go back to your old email so you can get ahold of your son! Be safe
This broke my heart. 
NOOOOOO!!! Where do you live?!? We'll save you!! 
... I should call my dad 
"Absolutely freaked out when I saw 'Dear Matthew' at the top. First time I think no sleep has actually gotten me.

Edit: Oops, missing context, Matthew is my name."
"Hell Yes, NoSleep rescue party! I have a hacksaw and pruning shears. Just tell us where you are!"
I'm Tim...I did not have same reaction as someone named Matthew
"Expected fear when I opened nosleep, got feels instead..."
I have a feeling that it won't be there when you go back for your new teeth.
"You could find it on [Google Maps](https://www.google.com/maps/@51.510714,-0.084852,3a,75y,355.8h,90t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1sHFPiGZqOzhacZIC2h8e4-w!2e0!6m1!1e1), sketchy as hell "
You can blame the onions for the tears
"Yes an empathetic Grim Reaper, I love it! Sadness and happiness simultaneously."
I feel strangely comforted and at peace
I'll keep you safe. No doubt about that.
"Knew it wasn't Amy!  but thats because I've heard of these types of visitations before.  I don't think she was there to hurt you.

Was the replacement custodian the killer?  Because her appearing in your room, while you were talking to him seems like she was warning you away.  Most likely, had he talked you into going into the basement with him, you'd be in trouble."
"What luck. I literally had a thought maybe he updated, and you updated it a minute ago.... My luck is great today!"
"Don't have kids. Please, please, please, never have kids."
[deleted]
I foresee an unholy three way.
"Like 30 mins ago I found this subreddit. I had to check if I like it or nah. Bro, I read all that. It completely stunned me. I usually do not like reading.. but wow. You caught me here. Good freakin Job sir!"
Hopefully she isn't too salty about it
"I don't know why but up until you were addressed as ""sir"" I read this in the voice of a female."
"Try replying ""nope"" ""nope"" ""nope"" ""nope"" ""nope"" ""nope"" ""nope"" ""nope"""
"&gt;mfw I checked OP's comment history and they really are a high school teacher. 

I know everything on NoSleep is true, but this one seemed extra believable in a way. OP is a fantastic writer. 


"
Am I the only one here who didn't?
i read it as male from the start. idk why though..
I've read this whole thing and despite everything I can't stop think about what a great name Bear is for a dog. 
"The cop is just chillin' when a dude in a hood with hands in pockets walks up to him...  They really are the worst cops in the country! lol

Also, I got a weird vibe when Mark said something about his parents being out of town...Wonder if that will come in to play.  Great story thus far!"
"You should cover her in salt, garlic and basil along with some rosemary &amp; olive oil. Then cook her for 45 minutes at a low 350F (stirring occasionally). Personally, I always carry salt, garlic and basil... but that's only because I'm a seasoned investigator. :)"
[deleted]
"*builds blanket fort*
*assumes the fetal position in said castle of blanket protection*"
At least they gave you a computer with internet access. 
So that means you escaped!
"That is interesting, my dad used to tell me urban myths from when he lived in South Africa, about witches that would approach you in the middle of the night and ask for a ride. Once they get in the car they would kill you, but one way to actually tell if they were a witch was to look at their feet because they would be turned all the way around.

Just a side thought that came to mind "
"I'm from Indonesia and yes that's how it is in here. There was this story about two friends studying at their uni's library. After a while, one of them accidentally dropped his pen and when he reached down under the desk to get it, he saw his friend had no feet. He hurriedly grabbed his things and went away when suddenly, that 'friend' said ""are you pretending not to realize? *evil laugh*"" "
"just lure a pedophile or rapist into the lake and let him take liz's place, man. "
With every passing sentence I can feel a turd inching out of me getting ever closer to the freedom it craves. Scariest story I've read so far
This is the correct thing to do.
Wait who's Ava?
She may have made a funny face while getting knocked out. 
"To be fair with yourself, you partying like the majority of college students do isn't the reason for your loss. It's because the officer was enamored with you and happened to be a stalker psychopath."
"It's really just the NSA reminding you not to pirate music. Stay on the right side of the law, fellas. :P"
"(continued p.1)

---

The man trembled, but spoke for us. ""Sir, I've been locked up at gunpoint, given endless scans, sent into supernatural darkness, seen my squadmates torn apart and then delivered back to me, put up with endless evil sermons, even shot a friend because a mosquito got in his brain. I'm *tired…* and I know if I go back in the Ink, I'm gonna die.""

The brigadier general nodded, his gaze scanning the tired faces around him. ""You all feel this way?""

Nods followed.

He stepped back, and his already deep voice lowered an octave with grim anger. ""If we don't deal with this situation, we are all going to die. That means that you will probably die whether you go back into the Ink or not.""

Unhappy murmurs circled the crowd.

As he walked away, his order cut right into our hopes. ""Have them build hotboxes, and put them all through in a rotation until they comply. Two hours each.""

A great unhappy noise swelled among us, but we were soldiers, and we weren't going back into the Ink for the moment… so we followed the officers' orders, and began building our own torture devices under the hot Sun.

I was already sweaty and tired when they threw me in the one I'd built.

It was simple, really - six metal plates bolted together. It hadn't even taken very long to make.

But my two hours would feel like forever.

I sat in there, sweating, frying, melting… for an eternity. All I wanted was to go home. This was a nightmare in every sense. Down one path, there was darkness and hellish threats that continually tore at us, at our sanity… down the other, slowly dying in a hotbox.

The Sword wasn't going to let us leave.

It occurred to me, in a flash of feverish inspiration, that nobody had taken brain scans of the brigadier general himself. How did we know *he* wasn't under some evil influence?

What if a neural mosquito had gotten to *him*, and this was its way of slowly killing all of us?

I cried, but no tears came out. I was too dehydrated.

I remember being very certain that I was going to die in that box before I ever got a chance to grab for that one slim hope…

But the top did eventually open, and they pulled me out and dumped the next guy in.

I stumbled to the nearest water and guzzled it down alongside a long line of other red-skinned soldiers doing the same.

As soon as I could, I slipped away, and found Thompson. She was in the techie tent, drawing plans to kill the Preacher. Her face was… absolutely filled with hate for that thing… and I couldn't blame her… but she quickly threw on a neutral expression when she saw me.

It was all I could do just to talk through my heat exhaustion. ""I have a theory that the brigadier general's been compromised.""

She regarded me with a skeptical but open look. ""Oh?""

I nodded, and tried to breathe normally. ""This is… crazy… it's unlike any campaign I've ever been on. That man is driving us forward with torture, and he doesn't care if we die. Do you have any recent brain scans of him? Like you took on us?""

Her gaze went distant for a moment. ""No… I don't, actually.""

""Will you get one?"" I asked, desperate.

She nodded. ""You're thinking neural mosquito?""

""Yeah.""

""I'll manage it,"" she promised quietly. ""Now get out of here before someone sees you. Nobody can know about this conversation.""

I made it to my bunk and fell before my body completely gave out… and they came for me a few minutes later, dragging me back to the hotbox for my next turn.

There were a great many people in those boxes, in the sand, in the heat… crying.

We couldn't last. It simply wasn't possible.

Groans and shouts gave way, and we were all spared the hotboxes for agreeing to go back into the Ink the next day.

I lay in my empty tent, awake the entire night, hoping against hope that your ex-wife would come through before we had to go back into that dark and silent Hell.

She snuck in some time just before dawn, a brain scan document in hand.

""What'd you get?"" I asked, exuberant, even trying to sit up.

She shook her head and showed me. ""He's clean.""

""*What?*""

""Nothing wrong with his brain. No mosquitoes. Whatever's out in the Ink, it really must be worth all this suffering.""

I remember sobbing uncontrollably. ""No.""

""I'm sorry,"" she said, pouring some water across my reddened forehead. ""But we're all here for a reason. Everything he's done is technically legal."" She paused. ""But… if he gets worse, come to me. I'll make some calls.""

I could only screw up my face and nod.

And, then, a few hours later, it was time to gear up and go back out.

There was no chatter, no murmurs… no talk of any kind. Silent, broken, despairing, we went through the motions of setting up lights and guarding ourselves against unknown threats, but I was sure each of us simply expected to die in some new and horrible way.

It was on that day that we finally reached our objective.

I think we were six miles deep into the Ink at that point, and four miles straight down thanks to the impossible slope. I envisioned it as an immense unseen crater that existed only inside that valley of darkness…

And it was just sitting there at the center of the enormous crater, the slope stretching up and away on all sides.

""Any contact with the Preacher yet?"" the brigadier general asked over the static-filled radio relays.

Nobody responded in the affirmative. They wouldn't, because I knew where the Preacher had gone. It had continually retreated whenever we'd tried to attack it… and it had vacuumed up more than one of our dead colleagues to add to its bulk. Standing with five other men and staring at the source of the Ink, I knew where it had gone each night.

The ten-foot-high sphere sat casually in the sand, like it had simply chosen to fall and rest there. Each edge held an asymptotic darkness, but, within, we saw another place.

As we watched, it shifted.

Another place… and another… seconds later, another…

This was some sort of hellish egg, or black hole, or shadow portal, or *something*… and it went to places beyond any of our worst fears.

We reported our discovery, and the next order did not surprise us at all.

""All units, gather at the Sphere. We'll deploy each time the blood-lakes and corpse-mountains world appears.""

This time, I knew who spoke. It was me. I picked up my radio, and signed what felt like my own death warrant: ""No, sir.""

""Do it.""

Another man raised his radio, his gaze aghast as he witnessed what looked like, in all actuality, Hell itself. His words were as tear-filled as his eyes. ""No, sir. We refuse.""

""*The Preacher must die!*"" the Sword roared over the radio, his high shout causing a burst of static.

Forty men and women now stood outside the Sphere, lit by a weird shadow-light that ignored the ten foot limit, and we looked at each other in confusion. The Preacher? Was that the true objective of our operations? Judging from the anger and hate in that shout, was this some sort of… revenge mission? Or had he simply lost it completely?

""Set your charges,"" I remember breathing, and, somehow, everyone heard me. I wasn't in charge, but they listened.

We piled up all the C4 and other explosives we had. We took all our mortar shells and rigged them up. We surrounded that fucking thing with enough firepower to blow a hole in reality itself. Fitting, judging by what I guessed that it was.

We trekked back through the Ink, unafraid now. Everything that had been in here had been coldly and carefully murdered by thousands of armed men and women, and there was nothing left but us. We'd never figured out who had been leaving our friends' limbs for us to find, but we guessed that, since they hadn't attacked us yet, they never would.

Long lines of soldiers trekked out of the Ink together, and we headed back to camp, soul-weary.

The Sword was standing there, waiting for us, all of the officers lined up to his left and right. His monolithic stance and grim expression indicated immediately that we were in trouble.

Somebody explained what we'd done, and that we'd set a timer on the explosives.

He took a breath, and somehow grew even taller. ""Go back into the Ink and disarm those explosives.""

""There's hardly time,"" someone said.

""Reed,"" the Sword ordered, not so much as moving his head. ""Shoot that man in the leg.""

---

(continued in one more comment)"
"(continued from above)

---
The officer to his left lifted his firearm and -

The shot rang out, startling our entire crowd of exhausted soldiers.

The brigadier general spoke again. ""Go back into the Ink and disarm those explosives. You have *no idea* what's at stake here.""

""Because you haven't told us!"" a woman to my right yelled. ""You have us out here on some revenge quest -""

""Hughes, shoot that woman.""

Another shot rang out, and she fell to the sand, bleeding.

""I will not hesitate,"" the Sword continued, his eyes fierce. ""Go… disarm… the explosives.""

None of us wanted to speak up after that. Slowly, our resolve failed, and - followed closely by officers with guns - we headed back into the Ink, found the Sphere, and disarmed the fireworks.

Many were sobbing uncontrollably as we did so, and many more were trying not to look at the nightmarish worlds within that ungodly Sphere.

He didn't even have us set up an ambush - he wanted the Preacher to come out, thinking it was safe to stalk us once more. It would never come back if we had the Sphere surrounded…

I lay in my tent that night running plans in my head. There was no way to walk to safety - the desert was filled with rebels that would shoot us on sight. And why wouldn't they? We'd taken their way of life, and all of their economic resources. It was what we had always done out here, more or less, at least until this nightmare had begun.

There was nowhere to go, and there was no escape.

I remember staring up at the empty bunks in my tent, realizing it nearly aloud.

The Sword had to die.

I felt like a ghost. I floated up from my bunk, and I drifted between the tents, whispering the words that would most certainly get *somebody* killed. Us, if we were found out - him, if we were not.

Perhaps *I* was insane by that point. I'd been hit by a giant mirrored tentacle, subjected to weeks of mental torture, thrown in a hotbox as physical torture, and cornered like an animal in every way possible. By then, I didn't even care if I survived.

The Sword had to die.

She was going around asking details about the Sphere when she heard what I was planning. I liked her, I did, and she seemed like a fine person, but… we would all die if the Sword found out. She was already on her way… to tell him, I was sure.

I came at her from behind with a knife, trying to stay quiet, but she somehow heard my approach, and swung out of the way of the first strike. She was a hell of a fighter, and I was caught off guard. She knocked the knife from my hand, and I barely managed to leap toward it in the sand and prevent her from getting it. We struggled there, until one of my fellow mutineers came at her and knocked her away.

She shot right back up, got the knife, and slashed his arm deeply. He fell back, biting his lip to keep from screaming and giving us away.

A woman - one of ours - leapt in from around the edge of a tent, but Thompson straight up stabbed her in the shoulder despite my grip on her other arm.

Two more men came to assist, even as Thompson came around and viciously bit me in the neck. She took out a chunk, barely missing a vital artery or my throat, and I was forced to let her go. While I was gripping my neck, she ducked under one man's kick, responded with a punch between his legs, and came back up to stab the other man in the chest.

The knife got stuck, and she spent one second too long trying to get it out.

I shot her in the back.

The shot rang out, and shouts responded from nearby, even as my furious comrades surrounded her, kicking and stabbing her repeatedly out of animalistic revenge. She didn't make a sound, and I was glad: it meant she'd died from the initial shot, and hadn't felt the brutal beating that followed. She wasn't a bad person, she'd just been in the wrong place at the wrong time.

There was no more time to delay, really. I pulled them off of her, and we ran as a group for the brigadier general's tent… but it was too late.

They gunned most of the others down, and I fled.

I ran off into the desert, still bleeding from my neck, weak from everything else that had happened… and rebels found me. For some reason, they let me live, and they even helped me get better. I -

---

I looked up from the book.

Vasiliev Blaku stood at the other end of his cell, watching me back. A large scar on his neck still indicated the place Cristina had bit him.

The place she'd bit him… just before he'd shot her. Just before they'd beaten her lifeless body to a pulp.

But she'd certainly taken to heart the personal defense training I'd given her. Was there some other sequence of events in which she might have survived? Just a second's difference…

But I wasn't angry. The cold fury that had burned all through me to get me to this point was simply gone. I'd come here to kill this man… but now I just felt drained.

Cristina's story was over.

I'd found out all the last details of her life, all the mysteries, and… that was it. Vasiliev had been a wounded animal, and he'd been cornered by the brigadier general. He'd suffered in a way no man should have had to suffer.

Who was to blame? Who could be brought to justice for any of this, except the Sword himself?

Blaku could see the emotions in my eyes change rapidly. He trembled and sighed with relief as he saw my murderous intent fade. ""You're not gonna kill me, are you?""

I shook my head. ""No. I think that would cost me more than I'm willing to give."" I sighed with relief myself. ""But I do think we're honor-bound to be soldiers one last time together.""

He knew my meaning already. ""The Sword is one of these hallways, one of these cells.""

""Yes."" I stepped back, letting him out. ""Yes, he is."" I hefted the book. ""And this… this finds out the truth. Will you come with me and find out the truth of all this? And, if he is indeed the terrible man you knew… if he brought the Crushing Fist upon us…""

""Yes. I'm going to finish what I started back then, in the desert."" He stepped forward. ""No trial for that monster. I'm gonna kill him myself.""

I walked with him, feeling much like the ghost he'd described himself as before doing something terrible. The First World had given up, the outer Shield was failing, nobody gave a shit about anything anymore, a half-trillion people were going to start starving in two months, and everyone was going to die.

It seemed the only thing left to do was tie up loose ends - mete out justice for those who deserved a fate worse than simply dying with the rest of humanity at whatever random moment the Shield failed. The book would get the truth, and we would finally know…

---

[Part 4](http://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/3787s6/i_was_told_that_everyone_id_served_with_in_the/)

[Part 5](http://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/37sf85/i_was_told_that_everyone_id_served_with_in_the/)"
"Black skin and blue hair ... Jessica is a negative of a pale skinned, red haired girl. 

Where did you get the vanity from? 

Get. Rid. Of. It."
My god. That last sentence
"I think Jessica is white and gold, but I guess it depends on whether she's in the shadow or not"
"Well fuck me sideways with a teletubby's handbag, I am appalled."
Get a carbon monoxide detector for the flat.  You're probably suffering CO poisoning.
Oh please not Jared Leto...
That was an extremely interesting twist... Still fucked up though. Rape is rape.
no ragrats
"I'm currently working on separating the ""gibberish"" from the animated gif you posted. So far, what I've read is... disturbing.

The short of it is, this ""X"" person you messaged is coming to see you tomorrow. And it's not going to end well for you. When I get the chance to remove the relevant portions of the image from the original, I will try to post the message he has sent you.

...but seeing ""I will wrap my hands tight around your neck, and snap it in half."", among the warnings in the message... yeah, this isn't going to be a friendly meeting. I'll see about uploading an animated gif of just the ""secret message"", so you can see it for yourself. I have to work early tomorrow, so it's going to be a rush job.

But you're not safe. This person knows who you are. Where you live. And he IS coming to take care of you."
"This post scared me more than OP's. I'm actually afraid ""X"" is coming after all of us now. (/writingprompt?)"
"I... wish I couldn't deliver on this, but if this warning is real, I feel obligated to post the message. Maybe OP can get the help he'll need, to survive his mistake. If not, at least I've tried.

I've posted a ""quick and dirty"" copy of the image to Imgur, with the over two hundred repeated images removed, and highlighted the changed text.

http://i.imgur.com/btvTiXB.gif

The message is easy to see, when you realize you only need to look for changes in the images where the title of the linked story is highlighted.

""Dear You,
I know who you are.
Do not try to run.
I am coming tomorrow.
I will wrap my hands tight around your neck, and snap it in half.""

Good luck, OP, and hopefully I haven't sealed my own fate trying to solve the image without realizing what it really was. A warning. He's coming tomorrow. And he's going to kill you."
Well I'm just gonna go shake in a corner somewhere... Damn you reddit. Too late for this 
Dude. I've never been so terrified to watch a gif. And now I feel like who ever reads this now is going to die.
Fuuuuuck man I got a phone call when I was deciphering the bloody gibberish from the animated gif. That scared the ever loving hell out of me.
"You should go ahead and run. In my experience, most hackers are NOT in peak physical shape and you sound like a dude who takes care of himself. Oughta be able to outrun him easily. Don't forget to look over your shoulder and taunt him!"
"""Post this to ten other subreddits or he'll be at your door tomorrow"""
X gonna give it to ya
"Don't worry OP, your wife and X are just gonna meet up for kisses."
"So I know everyone is warning you, and while I would never say you shouldn't be prepared, I personally wouldn't worry about it. Stop and think for a moment;

You met this guy online, completely at random. The likelihood he's in your country, let alone will be there tomorrow is slim. He may very well know who you are, it doesn't sound like your ability to disguise yourself on the web is very good, but that's why he feels comfortable doing this. 

I've spent a lot of time on the dark net, and have been subject to similar things. I used to get calls with a woman screaming in the background and someone telling me that I would be murdered the following day. This went on for weeks, and now I am posting about it on reddit, so obviously it was fake. 

The dark net hosts some very bored, and very demented individuals. They also usually have a skill, like hacking, that generates money. It's rare anything serious is done via dark net for free. Everything costs something, that's why these guys aren't waving the Anonymous flag. They have a business to protect. So I seriously doubt, unless you've done something atrocious to your ex, that a computer guy from the dark net would travel to you, and then proceed to assault you. There's no money in it, it's highly risky, and he's probably never actually been in a fight. It's just fun to scare people. I would be more worried about him working to gain access to your accounts under the guise of hacking your ex. Just remember that people who break the law online, rarely want to add real world issues to their lives and often use this as a way to socialize. I would reply with a similar message saying ""bring it Bitch"". He'd probably laugh and this would be a thing going back and forth for a while until one of you got bored. "
My dog just rolled over in her sleep and her collar jingled like keys. Scare the SHIT outta me lol. Good read.
Thank you for the laugh woke up the wife
this guy nailed it all.. ^
"&gt;Never had a survivor before.

Daaaaamn."
"How has no one noticed this ""X"" ""ex"". Doesn't this seem a little bit suspicious. The letter x is in the alphabet. Alpha. Military. Danger. Danger Zone. Kenny Loggins. Los Santos Rock Radio. GTA 5. 5 take the amount of letters that ""ex"" has equals 3. A triangle has 3 sides. Illuminati is a triangle. Random Nosleep post is illuminati confirmed."
"He's actually X, giving OP a false sense of security"
"DAMN YOU FOR RUINING IT FOR ME. I know who you are, and I will be there tomorrow! "
ur high m8
I'll report you to my uncle who works at the internet!
Good on you for doing the warden a solid. 
"So, are you crazy or is there a pizza guy?"
"Yes, the pizza guy was Dr. Phil."
Author is a messed up individual either way.
Josh duggar
"Well, if the pizza dude is true to his word... he's still gonna torture and murder the rest of your family, too. So while they're getting killed and all that, you'll be in prison, and then they'll know it wasn't you the whole time.

So... uh... good news for you?"
"I plan to upload the conclusion tomorrow. I'm glad you're enjoying it!

Edit: Make that ""hope"" to upload it tomorrow. "
"Christine Takes Miami, then Christine Takes Revenge."
"During one of his patrols, his platoon settle down a take a night rest, after an hour of sleeping, he woke an hour later by one of his mates, the men started to hear movements in the trees, the wind was blowing very strong, thats when a black figured appear with red eyes staring down at them, he reached for his gun and ready to pull the trigger, the guys were all scared, this is something that worse than than the vc. The platoon leader told them to calm the fuck down, and do not fire, minutes went by. The wind dies down, and the figure disspears. Platoon leader told them it was the forest spirit  crossing by and they must not shoot.

The guy also told a local folkore about this tiger, who would mimics human speech during the night, and knock on doors. I personally dont believe this one, but hey.... the villagers know more than us. But what scare him the most, is the darkness of the jungle during the night. Parts of the jungle was so dark, that it makes you hard to see things, sometimes you cant see your own hands if you raise them infront of your eyes,"
Binary codes can be used to track computers? That's not how any of this works...
"Dude, Chris sounds like he's being a real dickwad. I know this is a shitty thing to have to do, but you may want to go talk to your frat's leadership and see if you can get some of your brothers to confront him on his behavior. He has definitely crossed more than one line!

Good luck OP!"
"Thanks man, I really appreciate the support. I just can't believe he would go so far as to convince my therapist to say that shit to me. Time for a new therapist I guess. I hadn't thought about going to the frat, but that's a good idea. I'm a little worried he may have gotten to them first. Dude is crazy thorough. "
"Is this Chris posting?? Come on, Chris. Stop screwing with me!"
Yeah man! Killing Susan is definitely grounds for getting removed from the frat.
"Dear friend, 4 things here

1) you might suffer from schizophrenia and are currently having a crisis
2) if not ,gather any evidence that might lead to prove that chris is the murderer
3) get rid of that body and everything that can prove you killed her 
4) get a criminal lawyer 
 
Your friend, PM_SHIT_AND_TITS
"
"CHRIS!!! WHY!!!! 

**I LOVED YOU!**"
It would be a real shame if Chris 'accidentally' burned down the house and all the evidence.  *nudge nudge
"Chris has been dead for two years. Susan is his gf of two years.
Susan entered his life when Chris died, which explains why she was confused when he mentioned Chris.

Two major traumas - parents' &amp; Chris' death. That's a lot to handle. He might even have had an accidental hand in Chris' 'mysterious' death. He obviously murdered Susan.

There's more than meets the eye. Perhaps there's a Tyler Durden (to his Jack) who does all the killing."
"Chris might be a computer nerd, but in reality, he's a player. He's perma-hooked-up with the Oak, and hit the Susan as a BFF and played you for a fool by rubbing cube steak all ver the place after putting crushed baby antihistamines in your drink. 

Pay the player $200 and proceed to Park Place.  "
That's so Chris 
Classic Chris
What a prankster.
"You're a font of good ideas, SQUID_FUCKER. "
No wonder everybody hates him
Cheeky Chris
HIS NAME WAS CIRCLE JERKSON
"I REALLY liked it, but I just have a question. So does OP have multiple personality disorder and thats other personalities coming out in his sleep, or is it demons that he's contacted and they haunt him? Can someone help me out here? Sorry Y'all :/ 
"
"This is really scary. I really hope it's just some bored neckbeard fucking with you and not some psycho who will try and hurt you physically. I'm sorry for the toll it has taken on you and I hope this ends soon. 

Advice: Let the people in your life know about this. Your parents need to know. I am a mother and I dont care what I've been through in the past, I'd want to know what my baby was going through especially if they were in danger.. And then I would protect them with my life. They deserve to know. I hope you reconsider not telling them. You shouldn't go through this alone. Another thing, get some weapons. If you choose to stay in your home, close all the blinds and hide them in places around you house and make sure you keep something on you to protect yourself with at all times.

Check your house for surveillance equipment. You may have had this stalker for awhile, or it could be a creepy landlord.

You also need to get your computer looked at, or back up the shit you need and wipe that thing."
That last sentence made me cringe
Wait...so you have a possessed talking dog with multi personality disorder? Jesus OP...
"One time I got one of those apps because my girlfriend said I say funny things in my sleep. In the morning when I was listening to it, all I heard were so many farts I had to double check the bed sheets to make sure I didn't sleep shart"
"""Honey, I'm pretty sure you farted all last night""

""Uh..."" *deletes incriminating recording* ""no I didn't..."" "
I don't think you'll ever fully understand how much I needed to read something like this. Thank you. 
"Jaysus Christe I feel ill.. The descriptions were disturbingly intense. The best revenge would be with a gargantuan magnifying glass. 
"
Brilliant. This is the type of shit R.L. Stine lives for.
I really shouldn't have read this after seeing the title. I literally have a diagnosed phobia of bugs.
Why didn't they just walk outside... 
Anyone else itchy after reading that? I feel itchy as hell.
"This comment gives me the impression that you are R.L. Stine speaking in the third person.

Edit: typeo"
BUGGIES
"Yeah, that sounds like a bad plan. "
Please write parts three and four before he kills you.
I really enjoy the idea that exterminators are like these ancient guardians holding the secrets of the horrors of the Ant Empire that the general public must never be allowed to know.
These are the things that make me want to become an entomologist.
"That makes me laugh. ""R.L. Stine only speaks in the III, baby!"""
"If you come across my mp3 player while you're rummaging through my shit, could you please put it somewhere obvious? I've been looking for that goddamn thing for a week now!"
"*Crypto*entomologist
"
"When i was 15 i suffered extreme depression, so much so that i could never even envision happiness of any kind in my future. I went to a local bridge to end it all. I had thought deeply about how to end myself and decided on the bridge for two reason. One: i would probably die instantly from hitting the rocks in the river. Two: even if i didnt die from the rocks i was an extremely weak swimmer and knew that even if i survived i could never swim to shore. I was right. I drowned and was dead almost 4 minutes. A stranger driving by saw me jump, stopped his truck, and dove in after me. He swam with me to shore and performed CPR on me. Now, as i look into the beautiful smiling face of my son, almost a decade from that date, i am experiencing such love and joy that i never felt possible until i had had him.Every day i feel such joy and am so grateful for the man who saved me and gave me the chance to find such happiness. And so that i always remember what i almost stole from myself i named my son after the one who gave it back to me. "
"Oh man, I thought only my family talked about stick indians. Awesome story! "
"For some clarity: Isak knows everyone because he looks like multiple people. He's taken their bits and made them him. He needs social interaction or else he cannot function and part of that is he has the power to attract everyone to him. Yeah?
I love the hell out of this, btw."
"Sometimes the ""monsters"" aren't monsters.  "
"Was rooting for the stick Indian the whole time

#teamstickindian"
"Do you think the Stick Indians may not attack you, depending on what tribe you are from? "
Stick Indians - Defenders of non-Stick Indians everywhere.
This is my new motto for life. 
And how glad I am for that
"I'm not sure, to be perfectly honest. It could very well be that, but it was my knowledge that they committed acts of cannibalism non-descriminately. However, I just don't know anymore."
"Honestly, I don't know. I would like to believe it's defending me, that the whistling is what drew him. The whistling is what attracts the attention of them, but I don't know if he only attacked Caleb because he was hungry or because he was hurting me. Maybe both? I'm still unsure as to why he didn't eat me too. "
[deleted]
"Don't worry guys, I googled it. The dude is just really passionate about laundry.

&gt;A triangle with lines through it means that you should only use non-chlorine bleach when needed. A black triangle with an X through it means that you should not use bleach on this item. A circle in a square is the symbol for tumble dry."
I pictured the main character as Paul Blart Mall Cop the whole time I read this
Halfway through I thought this was some dig at Sunday School in general. Then we got to the end of it. I don't want to know what the hell went on in there.
"""I can make you pure!....*with Persil non-bio*"""
Sunday school was a bad place in the town. Father Cohen was hurting the children and possibly raping or molesting them. It was so bad that only 3 people of her graduating class survived. That's what I took from the story. 
"Oh my. I'm so very sorry about your brother, OP. Please don't do anything rash, Will's family is likely very innocent in all of this."
I actually really enjoyed this read. So sorry about your father and sister. Please stay safe OP
Anyone else instantly go over there?
This reminds me of Jonestown. These cults are so horrifically sad... 
Didnt even read the story.
This is a great marketing campaign for /r/DimensionalJumping
Hey man you must be new to this sub people sometimes pretend the stories are real in the comments just to add a little roleplay to the whole story telling experience.
TIL! Sorry guys the asshole in me jumped to life 
"A wise man once said,

&gt;""We are all part asshole. What separates the good from bad are apologies."""
"No, do it op, remember what he took from you"
"Fall asleep on the couch.

Get carried to bed.

????

Profit."
Omg im soooo glad you didn't hurt that poor innocent kid. And honestly taking him from will is punishment. He took your brother and you took his but you did a good thing. 
"New TLC special, ""19 Demons and counting""
"
"My body is not ready.

...But I don't think yours was either."
"The lack of cervix, vagina and vulva should not be a problem for giving birth - caesarian is not that huge of a surgery. A much bigger worry in my opinion is how exactly that ""foetus"" or whatever it is is feeding on your insides. It's ""consuming"" your fat tissue? But that is not how things are supposed to work, a foetus needs a whole lot more than that to survive and grow properly. Who knows what damage it is doing to you.

And how the hell did people get wind of this, like those protesters? Did the doctors break the privacy codes? That is not okay either, that is messed up. 

And lastly, another good question or worry would be: how the hell did it get there in the first place? Is it even human? Is it alien? Have you been abducted by aliens and had it put into you? Like... what the heck... I have nothing.
"
"Could it be a missing twin somehow finally getting nutrients to grow?

A missing twin is a twin that got consumed by its larger twin while developing.  they show up later in life as bits of tissue found in cysts and tumors in their twin's body.  Maybe this one somehow became viable?"
"Not that huge of a surgery? 

I'm guessing you've never had a C-section. Just because most women are able to be conscious for one doesn't mean it isn't a big surgery. It may not be a heart transplant, but it is certainly a big surgery with a long list of possible complications and potential for things to go wrong. 

And the recovery period is hell. 

Source: I've had one. "
I think your comment is more fucked up than the story.
[deleted]
Am I the only one who reads these stories and when I see an animal is in it I just really hope that the animal is ok...? Hope you are ok to OP but.. animals. Feelings. Woo!
"Hmm, it seems as if the lady on the staff is one of the lunatics that want this child to be born, despite what it is doing to Evan. I wish all the best, please keep us updated the best that you can
"
PLEASE UPDATE. omg this is one of the strangest and most intriguing stories on here!! 
"Please for the love of God, stop saying 'the internets'"
"In regards to your last sentence... What the fuck man? Have you been reading about how the parasite-baby is feeding off of Evan and how his body wants to get rid of the monster, or not?"
"As someone who frequents nosleep and the internet in general a lot, this was the most disturbing part of the story."
"Maybe it's an inside joke he has with his friend OP, and every time he writes it he smirks and thinks back to a time before this Hellish situation...if only for a second.."
"I have, it was called Breaking Dawn."
Silence Will Fall...
"Orange peels? You don't think it could be....no,  no way fuck that I'm outta here."
I couldn't get past the other room was for her cat.
"""at the dinner table, my palms sweaty. Vomit on my sweater already. Mom's spaghetti."""